## Executive Summary

The financial sector risk outlook for emerging market and developing economies (EMDEs) is largely divided income lines, with lower-income countries much higher risks than higher-income countries  The news is that an analysis of 50 EMDEs, which represent 93 percent of total bank assets in EMDEs, found that 70 percent of sample countries face low to moderate financial sector risks over the nexl 12 months. However; risks are high in some, mostly lower-income countries. In many of these countries, domestic risks are compounded by risks related to the geopolitical conflicts. along facing good global

Most banks in EMDEs weatheredthe 'pandemic shock welland appear relatively sound and resilient, but pockets of weakness exist. Most EMDE banks have suflicient buffers to withstand sizable credit and sovereign risk shocks. Yet some sample banks in lower income EMDFs would he undercapitalized if confronted with a significant but plausible increase in thic nonpcrlorming loan ralio. Several banks\_mostly in thc Middle Easl and North Africa; Sub-Saharan Africa, and South Asia face elevated risks of 'haircuts' sovereign bonds should there be a domestic debt restructur that could trigger an adverse feedback between the sovereign and domestic banks, as described below regions loop

A majority of the countries high financial sector risks (including many lower income African countries) are currently not well prepared to handle financial stress . Important weaknesses in regulatory and supervisory frameworks hamper the components of crisis management frameworks and financial sector safety nets are often missing or inadequale. facing ability

These vulnerable countries should take urgent steps to remedy critical policy and institutional gaps in order to improve the resilience of their financial sectors. interagency crisis   management coordination mechanisms,   operational   emergency Strong