systems are examples of essential tools that can reduce the impact and likelihood of financial stress and mitigate spillovers to the real economy. In addition, it is important clarify that their financial stability mandate takes precedence over financial sector development objectives, and ensure ellective supervision ol financial institutions and strong financial sector nets salety

Although progress has been slow for many financial sector development priorities, there have been improvements in financial inclusion for individuals and in efforts to green the financial sectur. Developing the financial sector is critical to promoting sustainable economic growth and ending poverty. So far, advances in priorities such as brvadening access to linance [or smaller irms and supporling capital market development been relatively weak. In addition; many EMDEs continue to struggle prømotion of market-based competition. makers should continue to embrace the safe adoption of digital financial services that has supported competition; innovation; and financial inclusion for both individuals and small firms. Continued elforts to mobilize climate finance could in turn broaden capital market development. key have Policy

EMDE banks have substantially increased their holdings of government deht over large. The close link between the banking sector and the government is a situation known as lhe sovereign-bank nexus. Between 2012 and 2023, the exposure ol banks l0 government debt in EMDEs rose by over 35 percent 1s governments borrowed more, partly to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic. The exposure rose even more \_ 50 percent ~in debt- distressed countries. A moderate increase in government debt holdings by banks can retlect healthy financial sector deepening and development. However; these exposures currently stand at a decade high and subject the financial sector to  additional risks through elevated government   debt fscal pressures Countries with a high sovercign-bank nexus also lend to be less prepared to deal with financial stress, which can amplify adverse feedhack loops. This heightened potential for financial slress conlagion could thrcalen macroeconomic and financial scclor slability. sample banks in debt-distressed countries undercapitalized, potentially precipitating a banking crisis. Such crises especially joint banking-government debt crises~have been very costly throughout history by and

Regulatory standards designed to capture the risks that banks take fail to account [or the lail risk of a government debt default (including restructuring), which is significant in some EMDEs. These standards do not impose limits on banks' exposures