to the government or apply charges t0 sovereign exposures in local currency, a situation that does not foster prudent risk by banks. Furthermore; standards require only limited disclosure of such exposures by hanks and this can render their balance sheels less transparenL. Large accumulalions of government debt by EMDE banks could also curtail lending to the private sector and hinder economic growth. capital taking

EMDE banking authorities should foster more prudent risk taking by banks and strengthen financialsector resilience: Banking authorities cannot resolvethe sovereignbank nexus risks alone. First and foremost  sound hiscal and other policies to preserve debt sustainability and macroeconomic stability are required, However; banking authorities could introduce granular disclosure requirements for banks' exposures to the government in order to strengthen market  discipline To mitigate excessive buildup ol government  debt holdings in banks that lack  adequale bullers, authorities could carefully consider the henefits and drawbacks of charges On governmenl debt exposures in local currency; particularly if these exposures certain thresholds Considering capital charges is particularly relevant for jurisdictions that have experienced past episodes of sovereign debt distress; or that currently face significant risks of debt distress, and that have bank-dominated financial sectors these tend to be lower-income EMDEs. Authorities could further encourage stronger bank buffers well in advance of potential crises, implement effective financial salety nets and crisis management frameworks, and conduct regular stress for banks that also considers possible impacts o[ sovereign debl stress. public capital capital exceed testing

EMDEs face higher climate-related financial sector risks and larger climale linancing gaps than advanced economies . These challenges are amplified in countries that already face high financial risks, Climate risks have the potential to significantly reduce output in several EMDEs, witl current forecasts likely underestimating both the economic toll may adversely interact with heightened fiscal and other hnancial sector risks, including through 1 high overeign-bank nexus, as described earlier. Excluding China, EMDEs reported global climate finance flows. Over 50 percent of EMDE climate finance comes 16 percent of climate financing in EMDEs (ex China) goes to adaptation and nearly all of that financing (98 percent) also comes from Sources, In contrast to advanced economies and China, other EMDEs raise less than half of their climate finance at home. Despite the largest source 0f finance; the banking sector in EMDEs supplies only limited climate fnance, with 60 percent of banks allocating 5 percent or less of their portfolios to it. public being lending

To address these dual challenges, banking authorities are adopting novel approaches