managing climate-related fnancial risks andenabling climate finance. But banking authorities must not compromise on their primary hnancial stability objective and must continue to support financial inclusion. Most progress to date has been in middle risk in a sequenced and proportional manner, For example, some banking authorities have cuslomized climale risk assessments lo local extreme weather palterns involving from adjusting interest rates on lending facilities to requiring banks to direct lending tu green activities. However, most of these approaches are new; their suitability and effectivenes; afe still unproven, and Banking authorities must take care to prioritize financial stability and continue to adopt regulatory tools and supervisory approaches financial sector. they they

## Banking authorities 0n their own will not be able to meet climate financing needs. If

EMDEs are to successfully tackle climate change and its many impacts, will need broader policy support and financing from beyond the banking sector; in addition to defining green More authorities for support, particularly in EMDEs where banks dominate the financial sector; hut should not compromise on these institutions' operational independence. Prudentia] and cenlral bank mleasures should nol interlere with mandates, and cannot suhstitute for hroader government interventions that are narket-based regulations. In the financial sector; the adoption of green and sustainable taxonomies, which define and classify investments and activities that support climate targets, will be essential Yet today such taxonomies cover only 10 percent of EMDEs compared with 76 percent of advanced econonies. Over the   longer  term, wellInsurance markets often absent EMDEs need be developed to provide access to funding for new green technologies 1s well as crilical climate inlrastructure and resilience instruments. Well-governed development banks and credit guarantee institutions can play a major part in raising more climate finäncc il deployed judiciously and in a argeted fashion. rhey they they Iong