While prøgress towards many financial development improvements have been seen in financial inclusion for individuals and in etforts to green chapter identifies six priorities for financial sector development and financial sector and increasing financial inclusion for individuals; where account ownership for banking assets in the three largest banks per country rose from 57 percent to 64 percent on average between 2013 and 2022. Policy makers should continue to embrace the safe adoption of digilalfinancial servicës; which support competition; innovation; and financial inclusion Jor gouls 'Pvinis Mony

## Trends in Financial Sector Risk and Resilience

## Divided Financial Sector Risk Outlook

The financial sector risk outlook for EMDEs is divided. Over the next 12 months, risks appear moderate in higher-income EMDEs, but half ollower-income countries analyzedin this report are highly exposed to both globaland domestic risks. World Bank stalf analyzed financial sector risk for a sample of 50 EMDEs that jointly represent 93 percent oftotalbanking system assets and 85 percent of total GDF of all EMDEs.' Financial sector risks over the next 12 months are low to medium in 35 of the 5(} EMDEs analyzed, While risks are benign for mlost high - and upper-middle-income EMDEs half oflow-income countries (LICs) and middle income countries (LMICs) face high risks (figure 1.1, a). The countries but for around one-quarter of hanking sector assets in the LICs and LMICs ol vulnerabilitics exisl in all six geographic bul appear particularly high in South Asia, Sub-Saharan Africa; and some jurisdictions in the Middle East and North Africa region (box 1.1). High risks are often found in countries macro-fiscal imbalances; shallow and undiversified financial sectors, and fragile socioeconomic characteristics ~including conflict; poverty; commodity dependence; or exposure to climate risks. Figure 1.I, panel b compares certain characteristics ofEMDEs facing high financial sector risks with those ofEMDEs low or medium risks. Financial sectors in those countries are particularly exposed to c) The likelihood that some of these risks will materialize has increased over the past 12 months. lowerfacing panel Fegions facing facing specific Panel