Remaining COVID-19-era forbearance measures should be out expeditiously. In some of these jurisdictions; conducting designed asset quality review (AQR) ofthe hanking system may be appropriate. phased

- 3. Ensuring 4 robust   legal and institutional framework   of debt resolution and strong institutions most importantly courts, lawyers, practitioners , and regulators reduces systemic risk by providing a critical release valve for high volumes of debt distress (World Bank 2021). Such a tramework should include options for enterprise workouts (that is, out-of-court restructurings) to enable flexibility and ease pressure on courts, which is especially important during crises (Menezes et al. 2022). Eflicient enforcement mechanisms and insolvency systems mitigate the risk of an unmanageable buildup of NPLs willing to support the economic recovery with fresh financing (World Bank 2022b)
- Addressing gaps in crisis management frameworks. Gaps in crisis management frameworks can exacerbate both the probability and economic cost of financial sector stress. EMDEs often lack the adequate resolution and crisis management [rameworks needed tu contain the fallout from banking crises. Important gaps often include a lack of tested and structured decision-making and coordination process during a crisis and the operational readiness ofthe resolution authority; ifone exists. Many resolution authorities to support their decision making-  Addressing these gaps often requires amendments to the legal and regulalory Iramework that empower supervisors and regulators to intervene early and effectively in hinancial institutions in distress. While these policy changes require sustained long-term efforts; significant progress can be achieved in the short term by actions focused on immediate risks. An important example is the creation of an effective cross-institutional crisis management committee that monitors risks in financial institutions, frequently meets to discuss the course of action t0 take in case of bank distress, and coordinates policy measures at times of financial sector stress (see chapter 2) taking7
- 5. Improving the coverage, funding, and operational readiness of deposit insurance syslems. A deposil insurance syslem is designedto protect unsophisticated depositors thal cannut judge therisks of their deposit-taking institution andtoinstill depositor confidence in the financial system. Sound deposit insurance systems can lower the risks and costs of a financial crisis by reducing thie likelihood that depositors Fun and by quickly paying out insured depositors afer a bank failure, which limits socialand economic disruptions 12 However, many lower-income EMDEs do not have deposit insurance systems and even if they exist, their operational readiness to make prompt payouts is weak and they lack access [u back-up funding. Addressing these weaknesses and covering depositors in line with the International Association of Deposit Insurers (IADI) Core Principles  are essential to