The ranking of development priorities differs across income groups. While enhancing fnance for MSMEs is 1 policy priority for EMDEs Jcross the income spectrum, the relative priority for some of the other development areas ditfers. Greening income EMDEs than for low- and lower-middle-income EMDFs. Conversely; optimizing {5 top priorities for and lower-middle-income EMDEs (hgure 1.9 key Jow Panel

While financial inclusion for individuals and greening of the financial sector have seen progress, improvement has been relatively weak for other hnancial sector development   policy   priorities.   Although there has been improvement in   financial saw more limited recent progress. Improvement has been weakest for the policy priority of key

## Financial Sector Development Priorities

- 1. Small enterprise access to finance. Broadening access to finance for MSMEs is the priority in almost 40 percent of EMDEs; but many countries have made insutlicient priority), the financing gap for MSMEs in EMDEs remains hígh, at 19 percent of total EMDE corresponds lo about 150 pcrccnt of the current supply of financing for these enterprises. Forty percent of MSMEs in EMDEs have unmet financial MSME fnance gap (IFC forthcoming). This gaP persists because of the inherent challenges of serving MSMEs, which include the high cost of capital because of opaque operations; alack of traditional collateral and relatively small transaction sizes. However; this gap is likely to widen as climate change-related investment needs for MSMEs will continue to grow, requiring analytics could help address information asymmetries and lower transaction costs (seehox 1.2) tu the banking system to which are currently largely beholden in most countries ?" top they =
- 2. Financial inclusion for individuals. Over the past 10 years, advances have been greatest in increasing account ownership for individuals; primarily to digital financial services, while usage for savings and credit still Progress has been greatest in increasing account ownership for individuals reaching 76 percent of adults globally and 71 percent in scale digitalization of government-to-person payments owing lags. large