## FIGURE B1.3.2 Risk Layering Strategy to Build Household Climate Resilience

<!-- image -->

Pulting in place 0 risk-lavering strategy gives households the tools need to respond to different eventsfor example, savings for Or insurance payouts tor more severe but less frequent events. they

Both the public and private sectors have roles to play in building financial resilionce to shocks:

- Continued global efforts totrack the number of people vulnerable lo shocks andtheir [inancing
- Governments could invest in financial market infrastructure, building public awareness, and and othcr incentives for thosc who sign up for services.
- The private sector could deliver innovative products.
- 4. Role of the state. The state often plays a significant role in the financial sector; but this may also unintended consequences. Of all priorities, progress was weakest in this area. The footprint of the state in many EMDEs is significant, mainly through direct banks represent about 20 percent of the banking system in low-income countries. Interest (Calice; Diaz Kalan; and Masetti 2020) The objective typically is to direct the flow of credit influence formation to address market failres and promote financial development (including fnancial inclusion) and broader government objectives. However; if the states role is not well-balanced, it can also introduce unintended consequences (for example, by reducing competition mispricing risk) and reduce the credibility and eflectiveness of financial sector; thus impeding financial development 2 Joint World Bank-IMF assessments banks which expanded the COVID-19 pandemic to hoost economic growth and bring price during