support vulnerable sectors Progress can be made through; for example; reforms to state financial institutions' mandates; governance; and risk management " Some development banks have already made improvements in this climate finance (see box 3.4), but more work is needed.

- 5. Competition    Enabling healthy   competition is cross-cutting priority   that can support financial development, but progress is insuflicient in many countries. Although unrestricted competition may undermine financial stability, it is generally accepted that boosting competition and loweringbarriers to entry and exit can promote financial market deepening intermediation efliciency; and product innovation that benefits consumers and financial inclusion (for example; Claessens 2009). On average, the three largest banks per country accounled for 64 percent ol banking system asscts in 2022 across 84 EMDEs, which suggests that competition may have decreased. As noled, many EMDEs struggle {o strike thc right balance between the slales inlluence in the financial sector and the need to promote market-based competition For example, large state-owned banks can play a dominant role, which can further and unfairly tilt the competitive playing held. Yet the digitalization for financial services has enabled the of new players to compete with financial incumbents, resulting in product innovation and lower costs of financial services. At the same time, capital markets and nonbank financial institutions remain shallow in many EMDFs and still cannot offer a significant competitive including MSMEs, to meet their fnancing needs and costs higher. entry lirms, keeps
- 6. Capital market   development.  Deepening  financial markets and tapping local savings remain long-standing priorities, including to help fill gaps in MSME and finance. However; progress is insuficient in most countries, in part to macrofinancial headwinds and barriers to international investment. Growth in the years 15 market markets in mnost LMICs compound relinancing challenges [or lirms and houscholds. Slow progress in deepening domestic markets comes despite a continued increase in the assel base ollocalinslitulional inveslors in many EMDEs lack ofinvestinent alternatives contractualsavings often channeled into government assets This heavy government exposure crowds out allocations to productive sectors and can exacerbate the sovereign bank nexus (see chapter 2). To channel more contractual savings tolong-term productive assets such as affordablehousing and green infrastructure; reforms are needed to create supportive regulatory frameworks, market infrastructure, instruments; and capacity building with continued focus on creating the policy attention is also needed to support international investment in EMDEs, including owing green capital get Along