The increaseof the sovereign-bank nexus can reflect healthy financial sector deepening that supportseconomicgrowth. Historically the nexus playeda mostly virtuousrole across countries. Banks support the government in meeting its funding and debt management market development and liquidity which is often límited in EMDEs. Moreover, holding markets become deeper and more liquid   This positive dynamic results in lower fiscal and system-wide financial vulnerabilities and creates lending conditions conducive to economic growth.

conditions, sharp currency depreciation; and soaring import prices) can also trigger a vicious cycle in which sovereign debt problems particularly ifthose balance sheets are weak . This dynamic has been observed in several EMDEs over the past two ycars and somc arc already joint banking-government debt crisis. Historically; this vicious has also occurred in Argentina, Ecuador; and the Russian Federation in the 1990s and early 20(08, and in various European countries the European sovereign debt crisis of 2011-12. spill cycle during

The sovereign-bank nexus accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic and is now very high in several EMDEs, with some in distress. Although stress originated at the sovereign level, banks' lending supporl permitled delays of necessary corrcclive liscal actions. Foreign investors retrenched from mostly larger EMDG local debt markets of GDP in 2019 to 54 percent in 2023 (IMF 2024). The burden offinancing new government debt fell on banks, and were encouraged to do so by policy makers through moral suasion and regulatory requirements (higure 2.2, increase of the nexus. Together with lending to state-owned enterprises; which is frequently guaranteed by the government, such bank actions delayed necessary corrective caplive market thal rcadily purchases their securities, creating Perverse incentives that undermine fiscal prudence in the short term. during they panel rapid