very high returns on BdL placements during times of exceptionally low global interest ratesr

## Deterioration Phase

The growth and costs 0f government debt in EMDEs contributed to a deterioration in debtservicing capacity and a rise in the expectation of a sovereign default which eventually materialized in some countries. Countries suspended payment on some countries (such as Sri Lanka}, delays in developing an international agreement countries, restructuring of foreign debt was not sutlicient to restore debt sustainability. As a result, the authorities decided to restructure domestic debt, afFecting primarily the domestic banking sector; which is the major holder (such as in Ghana) Pension funds sovereigndebt exposures and took a hit on their balance sheets.

Ihe immediale impact of sovercign stress banks was 4 lightening in loreigncurrency liquidity  conditions.  Some banks experienced decline in exchange inllows [rom ahroad (such as remittances circumventing the banking sector or exporters settling directly abroad), a reduction 0f exchange deposits, and stricter requirements from correspondent banks, all of which impeded their ability t0 settle transactions in foreign exchange. To address this issue, countries introduced formal (as in Sri Lanka) and informal (as in Lebanon *) capital controls, In some cases; severe shortages of foreign exchange liquidity liquidity pressures in local currency for some banks- Conmercial banks experienced an outflow of deposits, prompting banks t0 maintain larger-than-usual precaulionary liquidity bullers and to raise deposit rates. There was often also a "flight to quality' 25 depositors reallocated funds to banks that were foreign foreign spilled

Sovereign stress\_and an eventual default\_also negatively impacted banks' solvency. And banks accounting practices often failed t0 reflect at an early stage the true value of local currency government deht and the risks involved with holding it. Even when sovereign  creditworthiness   deteriorated, sovereign   debt in local currency was often considered riskless. When banks failed to provide for expected losses on sovereign debt, as was ollen the case {as in Ghana and Sri Lanka), capital was overeslimated. Morcover; government debt exposures to ailing SOEs were not adequately reflected in bank capital