requirements because benefited fron government guarantees, which often were not credible. In addition, banks experienced solvency pressures from shocks to the economy nonperform they ing

All these pressures adversely atected banking intermediation and created headwinds for the economy. Because in some cases the government became the dominant borrower in the banking system (as in Pakistan), private credit was essentially crowded out. In addition; tighter liquidity conditions and a reduction ofbanks' net worth constrained their desire and capacity to lend to private companies and individuals; compounding adverse feedhack loops. These constraints were sometimes amplified by tightening of monetary crisis countries, which afected economic recovery- Box 2.2 details other countries that experienced these dynamics.

## Box 2.2 Case Studies: Deterioration Phase

In April 2022, the government of Sn Lanka announced 3 standstill on certain categories of its external debt payments and spillover effects were felt by banks. Prudential indicators did and also failcd to provide for potential losses resulting from dcbt distress. Restructuring became undercapitalized Losses related to slate-owned enterprise ISOEl exposures also went largely unrecognized and were not prepared for because SOE Ioans were quaranteed by the toreign-currency and rupee liquidity pressures, Because of financial stability concerns, banks were excluded from domestic-debt restructuring. they phase of which was completed in February 2023. Thc DDEP significantly erodcd the capital hufters of financial institutions , Audited tinancial statements published in April 2023 show a reduction in banks' capital networth due lo the recognition of impairments of their domestic bond holdings and some other exposures to the government. The second phase of the DDEP with the objective of rebuilding capital butters up to the minimum required before the shock