In Lebanon; &amp; sovereign bank-central bank nexus materialized into full-fledged crisis which continucs to date. After cxpericncing bank runs, and in the absence of uniform capital cuntrols set by the regulator; banks unilaterally and selectively blocked withdrawals and transfers of the deposits bccause cannot access their dollar deposits at the central bank, which has significant negative net reserves . Currently; the Lebanese banking sector is not functioning beyond minimum transactional activity. Banks sold a major share of thcir Eurobonds with a large discount of 80 percent, accepting huge losses. The consolidated capital base of commercial banks has been effectively wiped out In broader termns, the loss of savings and a massive reduction in access and usage of financial services gave rise to a dollarized cash-based economy estimated at half the current GDP. they

## Crisis Phase

Resolving a financial crisis requires a complex; government-wide polícy approach, in some cases with support from international financial institutions. Policies depend on conditions and available policy space but broadly include (a) monetary and exchange rate policy; (b) fiscal and socioeconomic policy, and {c) financial sector policy. 5 external Or domestic sovereign debt defaults occurred ín 64 EMDEs, with domestic law debt defaults becoming mnore [requent in recent (World Bank 2023h; Erce, Mallucci, and Picarelli 2022; Asonuma and Trebesch 2016). It is worth mentioning that in countries that defaulted on their debt, fiscal space is limited and the government is often not in a position to bail out banks that have become insolvent as a result of a sovereign default. Box 2.3 details several case studies of mitigation approaches specific years

## Box 2.3 CaseStudies: Crisis Phase

Central Bank of Sri Lanka {CBSL} adopted several forbearance measures, including tor micro, small, and medium enterprises and individuals affected by adverse macroeconomic conditions, Apart from restricting discretionary payments {cash dividends and repatriation extended the deadlinc for enhancement of capital requiroments to the end of 2023, allowed the delayed recugnition ol losses on government securities, and relaxed liquidity