The  performance of and few orher economies makes ic clear that high growth can be sustaincd Cven in difficult conditions.  CounCn enhancc by enacring policies chat build human boost producimprove the cfficicncy of public spending and encourage More women enter the labor [orce. long Erowth capital, tivity, twu analytical chaptcrs of topical importance policymakers. The first how   public Gan boos[ economic gruwth and facilitate In dcveloping economies, public investmenr accounrs for jusr a 1 up public investmeng by 1 percent of GDP cn increase the level of GDP by more than 1V2 percent over the The impact on is  also significanr ir grows by a5 much 2 when countrics fiscal space ro increase public spending' have a track record of eflicient private Scaling private they enjoy and rhcy public

The sccond analytical chapter predicament   of  devcloping cconomics that arc those with a popularion of around 1.5 million or less. These economies are home 0 explores just 17 million   people bur ofren the frontline of climate challenges . face chronic risk of debr distress or already in it. climate-related na[ural disasters at 1 cight times avcragc of other dcvcloping economies They They

Comprchensive reforms Gn allcviate these challenges. small should   improve mobilize rcvenue from domestic which constitute More srable basc chan other alternatives. Second, should improve spending cfficicncy cspccially in healrh, education, and infrastructureshould establish fiscal [rameworks of managing   frcquent natural disasters   and other shocks. These steps are all essential, together wirh coordinated global policies and financial support. [( hælp them stay on a sustainable fiscal ability they Thcy capable path

Policymakers have global reccssion has been avoided   despite   the sleepest rise in   global interest since the 1980s. But would be wise to On remain [on slow  for tion and 2 for policies that advance shared prosperity, the world could today: Push

## Indcrmit Gill

Senior Vicc Presidenc and Chicf Fconomisr The World Bank Group