requirements. The CBSL also excluded banks from domestic debt restructuring. Central approved with structural benchmarks on governance, macroeconomic stability, financial stability, and debt sustainability. Based 0n the Asset Quality Review; banks would require recapitalization that was partially budgeted for 2024. Ownership of the two large stateowned banks [SOBsl will be diversitied by giving shares to strategic investors orthe public . Around the time of the first IMF review; the domestic debt restructuring was finalized, and the authorities reached agreements in principle with official creditors and engaged In discussion with private creditors on foreign debl restructuring.

liquidity and solvency impacts ahcad ofthe domestic dobt restructuring  Thc regulators also granted regulatory relief, including phased recognition of debt restructuring-related losses for capital adequacy calculation purposes. The Financial Stability Council {FSC) coordinated this exercise in addition to elforts to imnprove crisis preparedness across the financial sector The authorities also announced the establishment of the Ghana Financial Stability Fund IGFSFI, with a focus on solvency provision; The GFSF ís expected t0 provide solvency and possibly limited liquidity support to viable linancial institutions that participate fully in the domestic debt restructuring and need support, Restoring fiscal and debt sustainability long-term growvth, signilicantly lowering inflation, and rebuilding liscal and external buffers arc now urgent policy prioritics for thc government. litting de facto redenomination in local currency |"lirafication") of assets and liabilities labelled in ahsenceofdeliberate policiesto protect smaller depositors wholack other sources of savings root of the problem. At the same time; no substantial actions have been taken in response tothc crisis owing to complex political economy environment. Yet