## Executive Summary

Global Outlook. Global G prøjected to holding stcady for ical rensions and high intcrest edge up 2.7 percent in 2025-26 amid   modest   growth in Global inflarion is projected ro moderate slower clip than previously assumed, averaging 3.5 percent this ycar. Given continucd infation aty central banks in hoth advanced economnies and emnerging market and developing in monctary policy . As such, average years   arc cxpectcd remain about double the 20()()-19 average. Aaring gcopolit casing

Despite improvement near-term prospects the outlook remains subdued by historical Global growth forccast horizon is expected be   nearly half a pcrcentage below 2010-19 In 2024-25, growth is population and world output. EMDE is moderate from 4.2 percent in 2023 ro in both 2024 2025 cspecially   lackluster in many   vulnerable Mies over half of economics fragile- and the end of this chan the of the pandemic. point growth facing

Global risks remain tilted to the downside despite geopolitical tensions could lead [u volatile commodity priccs, whilc furthcr trade fragmenta rion risks addirional disruprions networks.   Already , trade  policy   uncertainty   has reached   exceptionally   high Ievels   compared other thar have fcatured major clecrions around che world since 2000. The persistence of inflation could lead to in monctary casing higher-for for interest would delays longer parh could grow slowly than currently anticipatcd duc [ 2 range of domestic   challenges. Additional natural disasters rclated climate could also hinder activity. On the upside; global inflation   could moderate quickly than assumed in rhe in the United Scates could be than expecred. change gtowth

Against this backdrop, decisive and national challenges. global level   priorities include  sfeguarding supporting and   digital transitions; delivering debt relief and improving food security: At  the national   level;  persistent   inllation risks underscore the nccd for EMDE monetary policics to remain focused stability. High dcbr and elevated debt-servicing will policy  makers scck ways sustainably boost development and bolster   long-term growth, structural policics are nccded and close gaps in thc labor markct. global price require goals public capital gender in most EMDE i" 2024. In East Asia and Pacific; the cxpecred slowdown this year mainly rellects moderating Europe and Central Asia, Latin America and the amid a slowdown in their largest economies. In is projected to pick up this ycar Saharan Africa, albeit less robustly than previous ly forccast. regions growtl growth

## Harnessing the Benefits of Public Investment.

Public investment can be a powerful policy lever in EMDEs to help ig"ite   growth, including by catalyzing   private investwent However,   Public experienced signilicant sowdown in the Past decade. In