Current climate risk assessments cover only a subset of climate transmission channels and thus may underestimate the effects on the economy and fnancial sector; which prevents proper risk pricing. The view that climate risks currently appear manageable still in their early stages, face data gaps, and have &amp; limited set of direct transmission channels. also   lack   insighls into crilical uncertainties,  including  climate and ecological tipping points, compound risks and adverse feedback loops (see box 3.1), and lead to underestimating and mispricing the severity of climate events (Stern, Stiglitz, and Taylor 2022; Stern and Stiglitz 2023) and undervaluing the advantages of mitigation and adaptation strategies (Köberle et al. 202l; Ekins and Zenghelis 2021) 'Ihey

## Box 3.1 Compound Shocks and Adverse Feedback Loops

Compounding ettects ot multiple shocks and feedbackloops could signiticantly increase climate impacts, Yet are currently not considered in mosl climate-risk assessments. Climate risks do not occur in isolation; In EMDEs in particular, climate risks are otten compounded by challenges arising from an already vulnerable population, wveak instilulional capacity; and Macrofinancial risks. they

Compound shocks may emanate from 0 range of sources, including multiple climate-related risks as well as other environmental , economic, societal, geopolitical, and technological risks their resilience, such a5 clusters oftropical cyclones during a single season [Dolk, Laliotis; and Lamichhane 2023}, or instances where @ climate-related shock occurs during another crisis IRanger, Mahul, and Monasterolo 20221.

Climate-related risks may also adversely interact with macrofinancial risks such a3 those even a crisis, particularly in countries that already face high financial sector risks. Moreover; additional spending and debt issuance to finance aid and recovery efforts  This situation particularly when the sovereign-bank nexus És strong and the institutional capacity to deal wvith financial stress is weak.

The impact of compounded shocks in EMDEs can be substantially larger than the sum of the