climate-related due diligence could out vulnerable low-income clients such as rural households and small enterprises-*  These clients curtailed Jccess to finance vulnerability of the real economy; with potential feedback effects for financial stability. virtuous whereby expanded access to fnancial services improves resilience; reduces climate impact on the economy; and enhances financial stability: and price cycle

Poorly designed andlor implemented regulatory tools could result in banking authorities not achieving their intended (such as merely shifting carbon-intensive activities instead of reducing them). One World Bank study found that requiring the incorporation ol environmenlal consideralions into the capilal adequacy assessment for larger banks in Brazil may have resulted in shifting lending to high-carbon sectors to unregulated, smaller banks; leaving emissions ol the economy overall largely unchanged (Miguel, Pedraza, and Ruiz-Ortega 2022). Such consequences need to be considered and, if possible, avoided. guals

## How EMDE Banking Authorities Are Enabling Climate Finance

Central banks and prudential authorities are starting t0 implement approaches that support mobilizing climate fnance. However; guidance for applying them is and their potential effectiveness is both mixed and unproven. There is already broad that supporting an orderly transition to alow-carbon economy will minimize future risks to financial stability; making such transition relevant ta the mandates of central banks and prudential supervisors. Banking authorities globally are currently Mew approaches t0 support the mobilization of climate tinance encouraged by thcir governments given their constrained fiscal space. The numher of approaches to these efforts is vast and Most tools are relatively new, and empirical evidence on their suitability and eflectiveness (as well as potential negative impacts on the core objectives of stability and inclusion) is still emerging both in advanced economies and EMDEs. As yet there is also limited to guidance from international standard setters on the use of these tools. Deployment depends on numerous factors, including evidence of the tools' etfectiveness and potential market distortions, country context, and addressing concerns around 'greenwashing' broadly be divided inlo three categories: win-win, the jury's still out, and not recommended . lacking testing