Egypt currently operates various green credit facilities that provide financing to commercial banks at zero interest to on-lend at below-market rates, including to farmers and renewable energy projects. Likewise; the PBoC launched a carbon emission reduction facility; which provideslower-cost [unding [or banks that on-lend to selectedgreen sectors. Although TROs may be effective and appropriate 45 transitory tools to support market creation; could have distortionary impacts in the longer term, including linancial stability implications. they

Central banks can also case or tighten reserve requirements to incentivize bank lending t0 low carbon activities, but ensuring that these interventions do not interlere with monetary policy is a work in progress- Some central banks (such as in Indonesia) exempt commercial banks from a share of reserve requirenents for providing 1 certain number of green loans. This policy changes their relative cost of and thus enables financing also reduced its reserve requirement rate to incentivize banks to finance green projects " could also interfere with broader monetary policy interventions. capital

"Not Recommended Tools That Enable Climate Finance but Have a Higher Likelihood of Compromising Financial Stability or Market-Neutrality Objectives May high-carbon sectors but there is little evidence of the eficacy of such interventions, and could introduce unintended consequences. Prelerential capilal trcatmnent enlails green supporting factor Equally; authorities can increase risk weights for lending tohigh-carbon sectors, thereby addressing and penalizing firms' exposure to high-carbon industries and avoiding under-capitalization in case climate risks materialize  To date, there is limited evidence that green and nonl there is n0 evidence 15 that such measures directly impact pricing or lead to increased credil to largeted scctors (partially because will not work alone  and adequate supporting fiscal and other government policies to be in place) % Consequently; caution is needed in making such changes to Inlay introduce risks and distortions; as such; adjustments through the supervisors own review process currently appropriate. Over time, as approaches mature; adjustments to capital requirements could also be informed by climate-risk stress-testing exercises. green they yet chey Lhey capilal

Some EMDE authorities require banks to mobilize a certain amount of climate finance; however; this practice has a mixed history and potentially distortionary efects. Credit authorities, including the Bangladesh Bank andthe Reserve Bank of India, set quantitative