## Acknowledgments

Report is prøduct of the Prospects Development   Economics  Vice guidance of Ayhan Kose.

people   contributed Carlos and Phil Kenworthy provided and editorial Secrion authors included   Paolo   Agnolucci (oil,  natural and coal), John Baffes (fertilizers; beverages, and agricultural Taw materials) Phil Kenworthy (executive sunary) . Jeetendra Khadan (metals 1nd critical mincrals) Dawit Mckonnen (food) Nikita Percvalov conrributed wirh inflation scenarios. The Special Focus 'Forecasting Industrial Commodity Prices: An Asscssment preparcd   by Francisco Marioli,  Jectendra Valere Mercer-Blackmnan, Franziska Ohnsorge; and Takefumi Yamazaki. Many Arteta overall Arroyo

Temaj coordinated data analysis provided research support. Lule Bahtiri and Matias Urzua   provided   research assistance, Maria Hazel Macadangdang mnanaged the database and forecast table. Adriana Maximiliano handled   design production  Graeme Litrler produced the accompanying   websile, wich assislance fromn Knowledge Repository . Open

Tommy   Chrimes;   Charles   Collyns; Dow; Graham Hacche; Graeme Littler, and Prakash Betty

Loungani provided   Feedback On Dow and Shane Streifel   Provided   input and Betty managed by Joscph Rebello and Nandita supported   by Kristen Milhollin. Mariana Lozzi Teixeira, and Sandya Deviah. Staff of thz Translation and Inrerprerarion Scrvices unir provided rranslations of dissemination materials .

The World Bank's Commodity Markets Outlook is published Lwice a year, in April and October. The fertilizers, Inetals. and precious Frice forccasts for 46 commodiries prescnted. Commodiry data published scparately al the   beginning of each data cutoff date of this report is April 17, 2024. agriculi updares price

The rcporc and dara can bc accessed at: www,worldbank. org commodities

For inquiries and correspondence, email; commodities@worldbank org