reducrion dcclines [o such circumstances, average oil could average so2/bbl in 2024, han 20 percent above rhe bascline. An oil shock Oll global disinllation (figure 5.C). prices price

North American oil output. The [orecast entails rhar UJ.S. oil producrion will grow by 0.6 mbld in 2024, This may be challenging Io achieve backdrøp of industry   input high bur stagnaring producrion; and declining number of active wells and those drilled bur uncompleted   (DUC)  (figure 5.D) Such head winds increasing   production   could forced by the shale induscry's practice of returning an shareholders   rather than reinvesting into rion. A smaller produccion increase would create a significant shortlall in especially assuming OPFC+ curs remain in force; although part of the gap could be filled by greater-chan production in Brazil, Canada, and Guyana. against rising prolits

## Downside risks

Earlier unwind of OPEC+   supply cuts. The forecast voluntary production CVIS remain in place until the end of 2024, bur could instead be reversed in the second half of this year. This risk is supported by two factors: the likelihood rcduced oil exports   would members market share, given OFECF cuts have far been mct with rhey osing

fond played Mile @f Fost-Covid-19 Disintlarion Supercore Intlarion? July   2023)  and Services 2024) . aru| prices driving

15. Information   Administration, Encrg:

producrion increases elsewhereOn rhe orher hand,   Saudi Arabia's   deb-o-GDP ratio, a[ 26 percent in 2023, remains benign, and OPEC+ still [0 be   reversed in   2024Q3, instead of 2025Q1 zhe Brent could decrease Price

Weaker global cconomic growth. Several downside risks could derail the prospccr of slow forccast. These include financial stress, persistently furrher weakening of Even   though headline inflation declined globally last YCal, disinflation has  slowed wich elevated in advanced economies and EMDEs. Tighter-than-anticipated monctary policies in [O unexpectedly   persistent [u tion of house   prices in China could   damage conlidence and curtail constructon oil demand. If the risk of wcaker in leading

## Natural ga5

## Recent developments

The World Bank natural gas index declined Percent percent 2024Q1 6.A). The U.S. rion and soft demand due mild temperatures. The European benchmark  tumbled by about 35 percent in   2024Q21 amid demand reducrions and high inventories, reversing rise in More   recently , however , cscalating   gcopolitical tensions have concerted inctease in prompted Furopean prices, offsetting previous downdrali since he beginning of the In contrast, Japan LNG; increased by the lagged ellect of oil on oil-indexed LNG contacts and higher   import denand in the especially   from China,   which becane in 2023 the world' s largest LNG ímporter. price lower (figure price prices owing prices rcgion again