## FIGURE 6 Natural gas markets

Natural 9a5 prices benchmark. In 2023, natura' consumption increased In Asia Pacific but Europeaf fel comnpared [o 2015-19 average temperatures. Roughly 70 percent of U.S. LNG exports LNG export

## Natural g05 prices

B. Changes In supply and demand by region

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

E. Europcan invenlorios of nalural gas

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

F-Additional 0.5. liquefaction capacily

<!-- image -->

Global   gas demand   stagnatcd in 2023 overall, incrcasing by only 0.5% or 22 billion cubic meters (bcm, yly) (figure 6.B) Gas   demand in Asia Pacific region increased   by ahout 24 bcm, driven by Consumption in North Amcrica increased marginally, bur consumprion in Europe declined its   lowest level since ]996, and about 22 its 2005 The percent pullback in Furope reflected lower   electriciry consumption, increased penetration of renewable mild winter bcnl, (figure

Global gas supply was little changed in 2023, with increased LNG producrion continuing outweigh the decline in Russian piped gas exports. Production of natural ga5 in Scates increased by 40) bcm in 2023, from already record levels in 2022 6.B). Supply of natural gas from Europe declined by 15 bcm rcflecting high levels and   decreasing   demand. Russia $ output   decreased by 32 bcm 4s  increased LNG cxports, which are not affectcd by sanctions, only parrly offser lower pipeline exports Fo Furope. The reconfiguration of nlatural gas [rade patterns Russian invasion of Ukraine has continued, with the  European   Union absorbing about 70 percent of U.S. LNG exports in 2023 (figurc Meanwhile; imports of LNG; increased by 12 hcm in China, than oflsetting à 8 bcm decline in  Japan.  The United States biggcst LNG exporter in 2023, overraking Ausrralia and Qarar, (figure sharp inventorics contributed downward pressure prices. In Union, at the upper end of the weak demand and ample LNG imports 6.E). Storage levels have also beën elevated in the United States, Japan, and Korca. (figurc

## Outlovk

To be significanrly fecOver in 2025. The decline in 2024 rellects