been heavily influenced by for natural gas (which is used to produce ammonia, an input to DAP). The DAP comparcd lu fertilizers in part, policy measures. Export restrictions on phosphate from China and ammonia from Russia have negatively   impacted   global flows, prices  (figure 14€). This is cvident in Europe, which has   replaced imports   from China and Russia imports Irom exporters. including EgyPt (ammonia) Moroccu (phosphatc) , Saudi Arabia, and the United Stares. After plunging nearly 30 percent (yly) last year, 2024 before declining in 2025 as capacity The lorecast chat Russia will continuc exports char used [O Furopean markers [oward other mnajor agricultural producers, including Brazil and India. Further restrictions and   disruprions, as well higher prices; could DAP prices upward. prices raising supplies push

MOP (muriate of porash, or potassium chloride) decreased by 10 pcrcent in 2024Q1 (q/9)

for MOP with declines in prices of DAP and urea, have brought the fertilizer aflordability index close t0 2015-19 levels (fìgure 14.D). Despite sanctions imposed on Bclarus and Russia which rogerher account for nearly half of global MOP ouput Strongcr via trade diversionBelarus , for example, has increased tu China, wich Russia expanding rail capacity facilitate Bclarus shipmencs. Mcanwhile, from Canada have bcen diverted considerably in 2022, it has been gradually recovering and is expected to reach pre-2022 levels this After plunging 56 percent in 2023 (yly), MOP expccted tu further 22 percent in   20)2Á, stabilizing   in demand strengthens.   The possibility that Belarus might cxports further through alternative is downside sanctioning   by   companies [rade   [ertilizers with Bclarus and Russia could lessen  availability, posing an significant Mew from Canada, could down. large Price drop along year. prices drop expand price upside price push prices