## TABLE 2 Forecast bias

Some approaches lead to

|                                         | aluminum    | aluminum     | Copper      | Copper       |             |              |
|-----------------------------------------|-------------|--------------|-------------|--------------|-------------|--------------|
| Approaches Horizons                     | 3-12 months | 15-24 months | 3-12 months | 15-24 months | 3-12 months | 15-24 months |
| CE lorecasls                            | 3.3         | 16.2         |             | '128         | 21.6        | 1.5          |
|                                         | 91,3        |              | 6600        |              | 4,9         |              |
|                                         | "20.2       | 8.0          |             | 170.2        |             |              |
| Macroeconometric Mocel                  | "0,3        | 2,9          | "89,?       | 210          | 2.2         | 1,0          |
|                                         |             | 25           | 434.3       | 570          | 3.2         | 2.4          |
| Actual prices (average , 201501 202201) | 1,948       | 1,948        | 6,493       | 6,493        | 56.6        | 56.6         |

Tne

## Criteria for evaluating forecast performance

- Directional accuracy. The directional accuracy simply assesses the likelihood of forecasts and actual moving in the samne direction. prices
- Mean forecasted (mean evaluates whether forecasts systemnatically prices
- Forecast The accuracy of model forecasting is evaluated by the Diebold and Mariano (DM) [es[ (Dicbold and Mariano The DM checks whether 1 parcicular model is mnor€ accurate chan another by assessing the statistical significance of the difference in forecast betwecn model each model against all other approaches. pairs.

The forecst evaluation each of the thrcc indusrrial commodiries, ranging from one [0 eight   quarters ahead, for the 2015Q1-202201 As bivariale   regressions Price period statistically significant only for horizons up t0 one OEM forecasts are only available semi-annually; the fewer degrees of frcedom.

## Results

## Directional accuracy of forecasts

The dircctions of ofren accurately   predicted by models   for comnmodities  (figure 19.B-F) few exceptions, notably lower directional accuracy of BVAR   compared [0 other approaches; particularly   for oil. Consensus Forecasts correctly predict the dirccrion changes less frequently. Bivariale regressions tend L0 produce directionally  accurate orecasts at shorter horizons changes price price

## Forecast bias

Forecast  bias does significantly nodels [or horizons and commodiries. While   there are exceprions, are no[ Bivariale regressions lead aluminum and copper for horizons up to one BVARs produce forecasts with a bias for oil they grealer