## TABLE 3 Model accuracy

producc moro accurato forccasts

| Horizon                |          |        | 15-24 monihg   | 15-24 monihg   |
|------------------------|----------|--------|----------------|----------------|
| Approaches Commodities | Aluminum | Copper | Aluminum       |                |
| CElorecasls            |          |        |                |                |
| Machinc Icarning       |          |        |                |                |

## Forecast accuracy

## Additional considerations

Thc forccast accuracy of models differs significantly commodities and forecast horizons . AlI comnpared each other for all horizons the DM test. Table 3 highlighrs the forecasting   approaches horizons   3-12 months (short-term) and 15-24 months ahead (medium-term) . against using

- For aluminum prices , bivariate   regression models   and the In machine learning approach performed than other approaches horizons.
- approaches for all forecast horizons  CE [orecasts  and machine learning approaches had similar forecast accuracy compared [0 orher   approaches  for  forecast year.
- For oil   prices, three   approachesbivariate regressions; CE and he learning   approach produce forccasts similar compared [0 other forecast horizons   uP approaches forecast horizons beyond one

modcler None of the forecasting Scenarios However, in reality, it is olten of interest 10 condition thr forccasts different scenarios (for shock 10 the supply of oil, or in policies). The OEM is particularly   useful  for scenario exercises thar consider changes in policy variables, global growth, inllation; and structural variables. Another purpose of conditional forecasts is incorporate informarion from higher frequency data UI judgment into model (Karlsson 2013). This underscores mnin advanrage of rhe BVAR model, which allows thc while maintaining the statistical properties of the model. The forecaster Can then make inferences abour the posterior   forecast.   conditional The Icads To a larger oil subsequently adjust thc paramcters changes in arrive More informed Adding priors . priors. using chuanges Priors prior . price priors

Adjusting to shocks and incorporating judgment.  Commodiry subjeci 1 wide of shocks aflecting   demand supply dynamics; ultimarely For example, che COVID-]9) global recession in 2020, led Icading sharp pricc