## FIGURE 20 Forecasts and realizations: 201501-202201

The approaches often lead to better forecast accuracy during the preconoitions and commodity prices. Amorg the five approaches, the expert-

## forecast resulta from 5 approaches

lorecast resulls Iron 5 approaches

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

forecast results 2 approaches from

<!-- image -->

D. Crude oil prices and range of

<!-- image -->

Grey pcriod, among macroeconomic variablesForecasting perlormance of all approaches   naturally  suflered pandemic. The purcly statistical forecasring approaches (bivariare regressions, BVAR, and. t0 lesser extent, machine learning) were unable to quickly adjust to extrancous factors relarionships embedded into he mnodels the   Lraining temporarily broke down (figurc In concrast, forecasts based on the OEM displayed smaller   difference in relative performance belore upended during during Period

and after the pandemic, as adapted accommodale the pandemic shock 20.D) . CE lorecasts also performed rclarively berter rcflecred views of many forecasters who could adjusc their projections Though rhe pandemic was highly unusual, a illustration of need [0 judgment and other factors model specification when forecasting; (figure rhcy period guod

Urilizing multiple approaches. Each forecasting approach   has strengths   that should be considered in practice. For instance, the BVAR and OEM approaches   excel while machine   learning methods demonstrate proficiency in uncovering   complex parrerns in mnay overlook. Bivariate regressions are particularly valued  for their simpliciry and abiliry to identify influential explanatory variables. Meanwhile, CE forecasts 1 valuable indicator, offering robust benchmarking alrernarive wich che additional advantage of timcly and accessible. unique being

Considering other industrial cummodities. While thc resulrs reporred here; the Same forccast cvaluation exercisc (Arroyo Thesc four industrial metals have recenlly seen increasing demand in part due econoiy compared to the three studied here. For these four industrial commodities approaches performed well, wich the OFM showing the prices using rhcy lowesc futures used for forecasting purposes by Many organizations (Nixon and Smith 2012; World Bank   2023). are simple urilize reflecr marker cxpectarions of furure spor are ollen unbiased but incfficicnt forccasts (with forecast in  cither   direcrion)   compared forecasts produced by other approaches, including Using prices. They prices prices large