VARs, machine learning techniques; and univariale time scries models. Despire their underperformance; somC studies find thal futures   prices do contain imporcant   predictive information, and rhe financialization nf commodity   markets [ay have   helped   improve their predictive powcr Over time {Arroyo-Marioli cral, 2023; Fllwanger and Snudden 2023).

## Conclusions

This Special Focus evaluates  the performance of five   widcly used approachcs to forccasting the of industrial commodities. The evaluation he half of global commodiry exporrs . Ir examines four model-based approaches (bivariate regressions; Baycsian autoregression models; macroeconomerric model; and machine technique) and CE forecasts. These approaches are in of thcir   performancc with respcct [o direcrional accuracy, forecast bias, and forecast accuracy 2015Q12022021 The evaluation tinds four major results . prices Prices period

4 No 'one-approach-beats-all" for   commodity forecasting. Most   approaches produce at horizons of Iess rhan Forecast bias does differ significantly approaches   for forecast accuracy of approaches  varies  significanrly across commodities Since conditions often it is not possible for one approach [0 systematically   outperform the others dillerent conmnodities, particularly shorter horizons price change,

Macroeconometric models are better For longer [orecasts. These  models   tend be ar horizons of one year partly because Can incorporale the impact of structural changes on prices. These models are also useful for conducting scenario analyses and considering forecasts condicional cercain

Need for incorporating judgment. Ir is crirical to complement mechanistic forecasts with judgment and information that cannot be accounted for by approaches. Commodity prices arc driven by forces rhar May bc capturcd by backward statistical   techniques. can be  improved with O[ informarion known rhe modeler but not yet incorporated in the data. looking

Importance   of multiple   approaches. 4 single approach can accuracy varies significantly approaches. Thesc results collectively emphasize importance oF employing 1 rich approaches in forecasring commodiry prices . produce large

For policymakers,   hese underscore the uncercainty around commodity forecascs and need [@ develop   contingency plans [or alrernarive parricularly for cconomies heavily  dependen comnodicies for revenues. The sometimnes   less and abour al how changes   in   certain assumptions might lead practice, it is crucial wi ils strengtlis; witl an inlormed of   potenrial   changes in commodity markets . price looking coupled

## References

Alquist ,   R. Kilian , R J. 2(13 'Forccasting the Pricc of Oil. In Handbook Forecasting edited by G. Ellioct; C W Granger, A 427-307 Amsterdan: Elscvicr.

Arroyu-Marioli, F J. Khadan, F Ohnsorge  and T. Yamazaki. 2023 'Forecasting   Industrial   Commodity 4 Modcl Suite Research Working No. Washington, Folicy Paper, Group-

'Forecasting the 4 Changing  World: 4 Forecas[ Combinarion Approach Business

Dicbold, F and R Mariano. 1995 'Comparing Predictive Accuracy.