## FOREWORD

Whenever the odds seem stacked against human aspirations when economic growth looks set to remain feeble as far as the eye can see; when too many countries seen destined to grow old before become rich, when climate change seems to have crossed the tipping point ~it is worth remembering the distinctive virtue of our species. Predictions of global doom have proliferated throughout history. Yet the sky hasn't fallen, for one reason: human ingenuitythey

It was ingenuity that disamed the so-called 'population bomb"\_the idea that 'hundreds of millions of people would starve to death in the population growth exhausted finite supplies of food: In fact; agricultural innovations~such as the development of high-yield, pestresistant crops caused global food production to grow faster than the population in nearly every part of the world. It was human ingenuity that defeated deadly diseases including once-dreaded HIVIAIDS and, most recently , COVID-19. If climate change is somehow tamed by the middle of this century, the main propellant of that success will be human ingenuity rapid

But this progress is seldom the fruit ofa big eureka romert. Human ingenuity works instead through the miracles that occur when governments, enterprises, and individuals act ín ways that benefit entire societies. That depends on conducive conditions, cultivated by &amp; measured blend of rules and practices. The World Bank Group has been inclined to call this 'the business climate Or "the business enabling environment' because sustained economic development usually reflects systemwide business private

For too though; the focus has been too much on what governments can Qo for the of business\_and not enough On what businesses can do lor the of all. This report marks a crucial first step to correct that imbalance. The Business Ready (B-READY) project aims to build a comprehensive instrument panel that by 2026 will enable about 180 economies to dial in the precise settings needed for a vibrant private sector development\_the combination of conditions that will reduce poverly, advance shared prosperity, and JP the transition to a low-carbon economy  Its is to accelerate smart development by encouraging healthy competition among businesses and countries. It is designed expressly to discourage 3 race to the bottom or simplistic solutions that were the unintended by-product of Doing Business; our previous ellort to help countries establish the right conditions for private sector development. long good good speed goal