Business Readys analytical framewvork recognizes that there is more to healthy business environment than the ease of doing business . It accounts for the possibility that reducing the cost of doing business can unintentionally mean raising the costs for society at Accordingly, Business Ready assesses not only the regulatory burden on enterprises long it takes to start a business, for example but also the quality of regulations: Do labor laws, for example; protect workers from being arbitrarily fired? Do inaovertently make women workers less competitive than men and discourage them from seeking work? large. how they

Beyond assessin9 the rules and regulations that govern business , Business Ready delves into the services needed to transform intentions into reality. Do utilities provide reliable water and electricity for businesses? Do governments make it easy for businesses to íulfill their tax obligations and comply with environmental and social safeguards? Do set up systems to enable government agencies to share businessrelated information with one another? Do provide Public databases that support transparency and the free flow of information necessary for a healthy business climate? public public they they

The result is a data set of breathtaking detail that encompasses nearly 2,000 cata points Per economy. It is possible to zero for example, on the frequency of power outages suffered by firms, how it takes to file and pay taxes, or the average cost to settle &amp; commercial dispute in different economies. Comparable data of this quality simply are not available anywhere else. That makes Business Ready an essential The trove of insights it offers will enable businesses to make better decisions about where andhow operate It will spur governments to adopt better policies by learning from one another; And it will permit researchers everywhere to join the effort to global private sector development right. in, long public good they get

This first edition of Business Ready covers only 50 economies. That is reflection of the care and deliberation we are putting into getting the analysis right. Next year; the project will include more than 100 economies, and in 2026 the coverage will expand to about 180 economies. With each iteration, the reports and methods will be refined to reflect the lessons learned from the rollout. 50 not wait for the methods to be perfected before publishing the data? Because the world does not enjoy the luxury of time development delayed is development denied and because it speeds the process of getting feedback from the intended beneficiaries of an assessment, a big part of getting the assessment right. In any case, in a dynamic global economy; accuracy will always be a moving target. design why