The data and methods used here are both more rigorous and more transparent than those of Business. consolidate the judgments of more than 2,500 experts in the business climate and the survey are More exhaustive in short; than anything that has been attempted so far by an international institution ~and are cf immediate value to the 50 economies covered here. Moreover every piece of data collected for this report is now publicly available on the B-READY website s0 it can be checked and verified by anyone who s0 chooses. Doing They They they

Analysis of this year's data leads to two general observations. First, economies tend to perform better at enacting regulations to improve the national business climate than do in providing the services needed to secure actual progress. In short, there Is a sizeable implementation gap, But the good news is that the gap shrinks when the quality of regulations improves. Second; richer economies tend to be more business-ready but a country need not be wealthy to create a business environment. Among the 50 economies assessed this year; several developing economies rank among the 10 in several categories: Rwanda for public services and operational efficiency Colombia for its regulatory framework and services, and Georgia for its regulatory framework and operational efficiency . they public good top public

This suggests progress is possible for most countries. Governments should step up efforts to become business-ready\_but not for the satisfaction of national bragging rights, or the uncertain promise of a big surge in foreign investment The rewards are far more encompassing: When correctly chosen and carefully sequenced, business reforms can accelerate economic growth; boost productivity; and help reduce carbon emissions at the same time. It creates the conditions for human ingenuity to flourish exactly what the world needs at a time of slowing growth, debt, and climate change. Business Ready illuminates the forward fleeting rising path

Indermit Singh Gill Chief Economist and Senior Vice President for Development Economics World Bank Group