the team is thankful to Vitalii Balabanov; Volodymyr Fedosieiev; Sergiy Radyakin; and Pavlo Stovpivskyi for their suppor.

The Information and Technology Solutions Data Management office (ITSDM} team, led by Arvind Srinivasan and consisting of Chi, Varun Nikolaev Bogdanov; Tsvetelina Nikolova Stefanova, and Kunal H. Patel, provided valuable support by developing and maintaining the technology platforms required for core operations, offering technical support essential to the projects success. The team also gained from insights of Leonard Orens Newmark and Marianne Deborah Rossert from the Ethics and Business Conduct Department (EBC). Ying Yuliyan

The team would also like to acknowledge the valuable feedback received from the B-READY Advisory Group on Indicator Scoring; Gianfilippo Nikolaus Nebe, and Sylvia Solf (Business Entry); Somik Lall (Business Location); Vivien Foster and Maria Vagliasindi (Utility Services); Raian Divanbeigi and Maho Hatayama (Labor); Ana Fiorella Carvajal and Sephooko Motelle (Financial Services); Alina Monica Antoci and William John Gain (International Trade); Chiara Bronchi, Ruud De Mooij, Jan Loeprick, Tuan Minh and Claudia Vargas Pastor (Taxation); David 5 Bernstein (Dispute Resolution); Tania Begazo Gomez, Alexandre Borges de Oliveira, Martha Martinez Licetti, and Graciela Miralles Murcielagoa (Market Competition); and Sergio Muro (Business Insolvency) Le,

The team is gratelul for the valuable comments provided by colleagues both within and outside the World Bank Group; and for the guidance provided by World Bank Executive Directors. The team would especially like to acknowledge the comments and guidance of Pinar Ardic Alper; Francisco Avendano; Lucero Burga, Kuntay Celick, Joyce Antone Ibrahim, Roberto N. Fattal Jaef, Elaine MacEachern; Collen Masunda Tanveer Haider; and John Wilson. The team also benefited from extensive and valuable external consultation during the Concept Note stage. Group Oya

The report was edited by Morrison and Sabra Ledent and proofread by Ann O'Malley and Gwenda Larsen, Dania Kibbi and Debra Naylor designed the report. Stephen Pazdan ccordinated and oversaw the formal production ofthe report. Jewel McFadden managed the overall publication process. Nancy

B-READY 2024 would not be possible without the expertise and generous input of a network of more than 2,750 local partners, including legal