## EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

## Introduction

vibrart private sector is central to efforts to end extreme poverty and boost shared prosperity on a livable planet When it functions well, the sector sparks innovation and entrepreneurship. It can unlock economic opportunities for people who need them the most. It can drive more efficient and sustainable use of natural resources private

Today  the private sector generates about 90 percent of jobs;' 75 percent of investment, more than 70 percent of output,' and more than 80 percent of government revenues in developing eccnomies But it has been stalled since the global financial crisis of 2008 09. Private investment in these economies has slowed substantially. Per investment growth between 2023 and 2024 1s expected to average only 3.7 percent, barely half the rate capita

The private sector must become more dynamic and resilient to meet formidable ceveloprent challenges. In the coming decade alone; the word must create jobs for 44 million young people each year; 30 percent of them in Africa. To end extreme poverty within a decade; most low-income economies will needto achieve a gross domestic product (GDP) per capita growth of about 9 percent each and every 10 To escape the miadleincome trap, developing economies will need a GDP per capita growth of more than 5 percent per over extended periods." To tackle climate change and achieve other global development goals by 2030, need to secure a hefty increase in investment year year they key

These challenges are far beyond the capacity of governments to tackle alone. viable for overcoming them will depend on a particular type of private sector develcpment one that mobilizes private and maximizes the benefits for businesses, entrepreneurs, workers, and society requires answering some crilical questions. What exactly Jre the elements of a business climate that can deliver such benefits? Which economies have done best at creating that climate, and how can others learn from them? Which policies must be introduced or ramped up? Which should be phased out? plan capital reproducibility package is available for this book in the Reproducible Research