This report is designed to help economies answer those questions. It is the first of an annual series that will asse5s the business climate of a successively larger number of economies over the next three years, reaching worldwide coverage by 2026. Until then, its design and methodology will evolve in accordance with lessons learned from each rollout year.

## What is Business Ready?

assess the business and investment climate worldwide; accompanied by an annual corporate flagship report. It is a instrument of the World Bank Groups newv strategy to facilitate private investment, generate employment, and improve productivity to help economies accelerate development in inclusive and sustainable ways. It and improves upon the World Bank Group's earlier Doing Business project (refer to box ES.1). It reflects a more balanced and transparent approach toward evaluating an economy's business and investment climate, building on recommendations from hundreds of experts from within and outside the World Bank Group, including from governments, the private sector; and of the business environment with an annual frequency and worldwide coverage. The project aims to balance de jure and de facto measures, ensuring that the data produced are both comparable across economies and representative within each economy. key replaces

## BOX E5.1

## Comparison of the features of Business and B-READY key Doing

On September 16, 2021, the senior management of the World Bank Group decided to discontinue the Doing Business report and data collection. Italso announced the development of a new approach for assessing the business and investment climale: the Business Ready (B-READY) project. This new project draws on advice from experts in the

World Bank Group and recommendations from qualilied academics and practitioners outside the institution; including the External Panel Review on Doing Business methodology (World Bank 2021), a5 well as feedback from an extensive consultation process with potential users in government; the private sector and civil society.

(Continued)