## BOX ES,1

## Comparison of the features of Business and B-READY (Continued) Doing

While the focus of the Doing Business project Was On assessing the business environment for small and medium enterprises, the B-READY project targets private sector development as a whole Doing Business centered on the regulatory burden for firms , with some attention to public services. In contrast, B-READY evaluates the regulatory burden a5 well as the quality of regulations and provision of related public services, along with the ease of compliance with the regulatory framework and the effective use of public services directly relevant to firms . All topics examined by B-READY are structured under three {I} Regulatory Framework, {Il) Public Services, and (IlI) Operational Efficiency. Furthermore, the new project assesses not only the ability to conduct business for individual firms (firm flexibility) , but also the inclusive and sustainable aspects of sector development (social benefits). To gather data, B-READY uses 21 questionnaires, compared with 11 questionnaires used by Doing Business. In its first year; it collected data on almost 1,200 indicators (from about 2,000 data points) per economy. It also covers whereas Doing Business sometimes omitted critical areas such as labor pillars: private cycle,

Doing Business collected data through expert consultations and extensive case studies with strict assumptions; covering either de jure or de facto regulations, but not both uniformly, In contrast, B-READY combines expert consultations and firm surveys to capture a balanced view of de jure and de facto aspects. This allows B-READY to achieve a better balance between data comparability

Business assessed economies performance based on rankings and scores, focusing on aggregate rankings to drive interest and motivate relorms. B-READY uses quantifiable disaggregated indicators , aggregating into scores by topic and Tnis approach identifies specific areas for reform and encourages refcrms without overhyping economywide rankings. Doing Public Points pillar

While Business covered the main business in 191 economies and the second-largest business in 11 economies, B-READY aims for wide coverage within and across economies, with coverage for different topics based on whether regulations are national or local. Doing cily city

Like Doing Business; B-READY updates data each year for indicators based on expert consultations. For data derived from firr level surveys  it updates data for different sets of economies each year; resulting in stable data for each economy over a three-year cycle.