B-READY assessments aim to improve the private sector; not only by advancing the interests of individual firms but also by elevating the interests of workers, consumers, potential new enterprises, and the natural environment. B-READY aims to achieve this objective by focusing on three main areas:

- 1 Reform advocacy: B-READY advocates for policy relor through the for knowledge sharing and policy dialogue for governments; the sector; the World Bank and other development institutions, private Group,
- 2 Policy guidance; B-READY guides specific policy change through comprehensive and relevant data and information, showing how and by how much economy lags in international practice. each good
- 3 Analysis and research; B-READY provides granular data fcr research and analysis, shedding light on the drivers and mechanisms of private sector development

As 0 new project, B-READY is in 0 threc-year rollout phase, spanning 2024 to 2026. During this period, the project will grow in geographic coverage and refine its process and methodology - This 2024 report is the first of three during the rollout. It covers 50 economies that span all income levels and geographic regions around the world. Due to the limited number of economies included in this first report, the regional and income trenos are suggestive, not definitive. Likewise; the methodology remains open to refinement and may evolve through subsequent iterations. The second report; expected to be released in Septerber 2025, will cover more than 100 economies, The third report, expected to be released in September 2026, will assess about 180 economies, bringing the rollout phase to conclusion and providing a full global benchmark for future business readiness assessments. There is no straightforward advantage Or disadvantage of economies in one round versus another. In fact, there are pros and cons of participating either earlier or later in the project. Earlier participation will data faster for potential attention and action, while later participation will methodology and a broader economy coverage for enhanced benchmarking." being bring bring

## B-READY's analytical framework: Ten topics, three pillars, three cross-cutting themes

Ten topics. B-READY is organized according to topics essential for private sector development that correspond to various stages of the life of a firm and its participation in the market while opening, cperating (or expanding) , and closing (or reorganizing) a business cycle