(refer to figure ES.1). The 10 topics are Business Business Location, Dispute Resolution, Market Competition, and Business Insolvency. Entry,

## FIGURE ES.1 B-READY topics correspond to various stages of the life of a firm and examine three cross-cutting themes cycle

<!-- image -->

## Source;B-READY project.

Note; Although Businecs Entry and Business Insolvency are the clear beginning and end stages of a firms life cycle te remaining Or t0 suggest strictly that these ought to be the exact phases, but ofa firm, cycle cycle

Three pillars. For each topic, B-READY considers three pillars:

Operational Efficiency.

- 1 Pillar [; The Regulatory Framework consists of the rules and regulations that firms must follow as open; operate (or expand), and close for reorganize) a business . Indicators under this distinguish between rules and regulations that promote clarity. fairness, and the sustainability Of the business environment and those that unnecessarily inhibit entrepreneurial activity they pillar
- 2 Pillar Il: Public Services spans the facilities that governments provide to suPport compliance with regulations and the institutions and infrastructure that enable business activities. Indicators under this are limited to the scope of the business environment in areas related to the life of the firm. emphasize such aspects as digitalization, intercperability of government services, and transparency pillar cycle They
- 3 Pillar IN; Operational Efficiency captures the ease of compliance with the regulatory framework and the eflective use of public services directly relevant t0 firms.

To differentiate the B-READY benchmarking exercise from other wellestablished international measures, B-READY concentrates on the regulatory frarework and public service provision at the microeconomic level; that is, a5 enacted and implemented to directly affect the behavior and Performance of active and potential enterprises (refer to figure ES.2).