## FIGURE ES.2 B-READY pillars define the scope of the project

<!-- image -->

Pillar !

<!-- image -->

## Regulatory Framework

Rules and regulations that firms must folow as busines5 they

Source: B-RCADY project

## Public Services

<!-- image -->

Pillar

## Operational Efficiency

Facilitics to support regulatory compliance andinstilutions and Infrastructure to enable business activities

Easc of regulatory compliancc and cffcctvc Use cf public services directly relevant tirmns

Within these pillars, common features inform the grouping into a particular category. Each category contains a number of subcategories

Indicators: Each subcategory has a number of indicators . Across all topics and pillars, B-READY analyzes nearly 1,200 indicators. The B-READY project focuses on issues where established practices exist and utilizes quantifiable measures that highlight actionable areas subject to change through policy reform. The data, derived from primary sources specifically collected for the B-READY project; encompass the most relevant aspects of each topic (refer to box ES.2) good

## BOX E5.2

## Assessing business climate conditions: Insights from examples of B-READY indicators

The B-READY indicators measure the detailed conditions that determine the business environment. These conditions vary greatly among the 50 economies assessed this year. For each economy, the B-READY website presents data for all the indicators (nearly 1,200) and the granular data on which they points are built (about 2,000 data points). This box illustrates some of this granular information {refer to chapter 4 for more details about indicators collected for each B-READY topic).

Pillar |, Regulatory Framework. Consider; for example, how the performance of the 50 economies varies on the following indicators