collect data for the Regulatory Framework and Public Services from specialists in each topic.14 The questionnaires are administered to three to five experts per questionnaire and economy. Additionally , the World Bank Enterprise Surveys directly collect data from businesses for indicators within the Operational Efficiency pillar ' The project also uses exper questionnaires to collect data on Operational Efficiency indicators not routinely faced by firms themselves, in topics such as Business Entry and Business Insolvency because ad hoc surveys would be prohibitively expensive. pillars

The complementary use of expert questionnaires and firm-level surveys is an important innovation that capitalizes on the advantages ol both data collection modes and represents a significant increase in the data available Lo policy makers, development practitioners; and researchers . For each economy, expert questionnaire data will be updated cvery year; while Enterprise Surveys data will be updated every three years (refer to figure E5.3). The World Bank Enterprise Surveys program has been expanded from 15 to about 60 surveys per year to accommodate the data collection effort

B-READY attempts to achieve 0 balance between data comparability across economies and data representativeness within each economy. Expert questionnaires address this balance by using broad parameters, instead of narrow case studies, to measure the business environment that most firms face, while retaining comparability across economies. Firm-level surveys address the balance by using representative samples of registered firms , allowing for the comparison of the average or typical experience of actual firms. B-READY; therefore covers information relevant to firms of different sizes and locations, various economic sectors, and foreign and domestic ownership

B-READY is governed the highest data integrity standards, including sound data-gathering processes , robust data safeguards, and clear approval protocols (refer to box ES.3). The two B-READY foundational documents are publicly available on the project website: the B-READY Manual and Guide; * specifying the protocols and safeguards to ensure the integrity of the assessments, and the B-READY Methodology Handbook, '7 detailing the projects topics, indicators, and scoring approach. These documents will be updated and improved a5 the three-year rollout of the project progresses. 18 by phase

Transparency and replicability are the cornerstones of B-READY governance. All the granular data used for scoring are made publicly available on the B-READY website (https:/ /wwwworldbank org/en /businessready) , and all results presented in B-READY reports are replicable using straightforward toolkits made available on the same website.