quintile. Economies in the toP quintile (indicated by the darkest shade of blue in table ES.1) represent the highest performers, encompassing the top 20 percent of the data, fror the 8O01 percentile t0 the maxirum values  In the Regulatory Framework pillar; Hungary leads with 0 score of 78.23 points; the average score is 76.45 This has the narrowest range among all three pillars (4.75 points) This narrow range shows that economies within this quintile maintain similar high standards, demonstrating a widespread adcption of internationally recognized practices in the Regulatory Framework Top pillar points. pillar;

In the Public Services pillar, Estonia emerges J5 the Performer; with points. This has the lowest average score across (68.82 points), with a range of 8 80 points. The moderate range suggests variability in the quality of public services, although most economies still offer superior support for businesses through enhanced transparency, digitalization, and interoperability of government services top pillar pillars

In the Operational Efficiency pillar; Singapore stands out as the performer; with a score of 87.33 pcints. The average score in this is 78,67 points, the highest among pillars, However; scores also the most significant variation among all pillars, with a range of 14.55 points. This relatively wide range indicates uneven performance levels among top-performing economies. top pillar have

Overall, economies in the quintile perorm well across multiple pillars, often ranking highly across various topics. For instance, Estonia scores in the quintile of economies in 7 of the 10 topics, and Rwanda scores in the first quintile in 6 of the 10 topics. This strong performance across showcases the broad strengths of these economies, although it also reveals specific areas where further improvements could enhance their overall competitiveness. top top pillars

Second quintile. This quintile includes the economies ranked between the but also show potential for improvement. In this quintile, the Regulatory Framework has the highest average score (71.10 points) among the three pillars , with the narrowest range (3.81 points) , indicating a relatively consistent perormance across these economies and adherence to regulatory practices. Estonia leads this with a score ol 72.84 points. pillar coupled good pillar

In the Public Services pillar, Bulgaria achieves the highest score of 64.03 Pillar Il has the lowest average score (é1.22 points) with the widest range (7.75 Points) among the three This broader range pillars .