suggests disparities in services that could be addressed to further elevate these economies public

The Operational Efficiency shows d relatively higher average score of 70.26 points. Nepal leads this economies in this quintile demonstrate relatively strong operational efficiency slight disparities suggest that targeted reforms could enhance efficiency further pillar pillar

Third quintile. This quintile covers the middle 20 percent of economies, ranging from the 4Oth to the 6Oth percentile. These economies exhibit 1 mix of strengths and weaknesses in their business environment; In the Regulatory Framework pillar, the average score of the third quintile is The Operational Efficiency follows closely, with an average score of 65.02 points, led by Botswana at 67.73 points. The Public Services pillar has the lowest average score among the three (50.40 points) , with North Macedonia scoring the highest at 53.56 points. pillar

In the third quintile; the ranges belween the highest and lowest scores are relatively similar indicating consistent levels of performance within each arong these econories. However while these economies may have established laws and regulations, deficiencies in services appear to be hindering them from developing a robust private sector To improve their overall business environment; these economies should address weaknesses in the topics and pillars where currently underperorm. pillars pillar public they

Fourth quintile. This quintile encompasses the economies ranked from the 2Oth to the 4Oth percentile. These economies grapple with a challenging business environment characterized by relatively weak regulatory frameworks and public services  which constrains the operational efficiency of their businesses . Among the pillars, the Public Services pillar has the lowest average score (41.48 points) , reflecting the relatively low level of support available to businesses .  The Operational Efficiency comes next with an average of 57.80 points, while the Regulatory Framework has the highest average score at 60.66 Indonesia achieves the highest score in this quintile for the Regulatory Framework pillar with 63,98 Points, while Barbados scores the lowest with 58.81 In the same quintile for the Public Services pillar, Barbados attains the highest score of 46.40 points, while Bosnia and Herzegovina records the lowest with 37.81 points. These relatively low to foster a more conducive business environment. pillar pillar points points .