Bottom quintile. Economies in the bottom quintile (lightest shade of blue in table ES.1) represent the lowest performance in each These economies particularly struggle in the Public Services pillar; with an average score of 26,73 points. In contrast, show relatively higher Jverage scores in the Regulatory Frarnework pillar (52.75 points) and Operational Efficiency (48,03 points). Notably the range between the highest and lowest scores within these pillars is the widest in this quintile, highlighting the significant disparities in performance. For example , Madagascar achieves the highest score in this group for the Regulatory Framework pillar, with 57.38 points, while Timor-Leste scores the lowest, with 46.21 points. Similarly, the Seychelles records the highest score in the Public Services pillar, with 37.21 points, while the Central African Republic records the lowest; with 18.35 points. These wide ranges indicate that while some economies in this quintile manage to maintain moderately stable regulatory and operational frameworks, others fall severely behind, especially in service delivery Entrepreneurs in these economies, some of which are fragile and conflict-affected, need to show remarkable resilience in conducting their operations . The pronounced disparity in pillar performance underscores the uneven development within these economies and points to critical areas that require urgent attention and reform pillar; they pillar public

There is significant diversity in the distribution of economies by income level across the three Figure ES.4 shows how economies In each of the quintiles are distributed by income across the three pillars. These patterns several important insights. pillars . yield

## Economies of varying income levels can adopt strong regulatory

frameworks (refer to figure ES.4 , a). The top quintile in the Regulatory Framework pillar consists mostly of high-income economies , but 40 percent are upper-middle-income economies (Bulgaria, Colombia; Georgia, Mexico). The second quintile features all income levels: 3 SAR; China; Singapore); 4 upper-middle-income economies (Costa Rica, Montenegro, North Macedonia; Perul; 1 lower-middle-income economy (the Philippines); and 2 low-income economies (Rwanda, Togo). Such regional and income-level diversity emphasizes the potential for any economy to establish a robust legal and regulatory framework that can boost its business climate, Additionally, it presents an opportunity for mutual learning among peers. The third quintile mainly consists of lower-middle income economies, with 1 high-income economy (New Zealand) and 3 upper-middle-income economies (Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Mauritius). The fourth quintile is diverse, spanning all income levels, while the bottom quintile consists mostly of lower-middle-income economies, wvith 2 upper-middle-income economies (Iraq, West Bank and Gaza) and 3 low-income economies (The Gambia; Madagascar; Sierra Leone) panel Kong