High-income economies tend to provide higher quality public services to support businesses, but all income levels are represented across top quintiles (reler to shows higher diversity of income levels across the quintiles. High-income economies make up 80 percent of the top quintile; however; the group also contains upper-middle-income economy (Colombia) and income economy (Rwanda). The second quintile includes 2 high-income economies (Hong SAR; China; Romania), 7 upper-middle-income economies, and 1 lower-middle-income economy (Morocco). The third quintile also shows diversity, with 4 upper-middle-income economies and low-income economy (Togo) The fourth quintile follows suit and consists of 1 high-income economy (Barbados), 2 upper-middle-income economies (Bosnia and Herzegovina, El Salvador), and 7 lower-middle income economies. The bottom quintile is evenly split between low-income economies (the Central African Republic; Chad, The Gambia; Madagascar; Sierra Leone) ano economies in other income levels (Irag, the Seychelles, Timor-Leste, Vanuatu; West Bank and Gaza) figure Kong

## Economies across all income levels can facilitate the operational

efficiency of firms (refer to figure ES,4, panel c). High-income economies comprise 40 percent of the top quintile in the Operational Efficiency (Estonia; SAR, China; New Zealand; Singapore) , while economies from other income levels make up the remaining 60 percent. This distribution demonstrates the potential for any economy to achieve relatively high levels of operational efficiency across its business environment. In the second quintile; 40 percent of economies are highincome (Croatia, Hungary , Portugal, the Slovak Republic) , with the rest split equally between upper-middle-income (Bosnia and Herzegovina, Mauritius, Montenegro) and lower-middle-income economies (Bangladesh, Nepal, Sarnoa). The third quintile has equal representation Irom high income (Barbados, Romania, the Seychelles) , upper-middle-income (Botswana, Colombia, Mexico) and lower-middle-income economies (Lesotho, Pakistan, Tanzania) , with low-income economy (Togo). The fourth quintile consists of high-income economy (Greece), 5 uppermiddle-income economies (Costa Rica, El Salvador; Indonesia, Paraguay, Peru), and 4 lower-middle-income economies (Cambodia, Ghana, Morocco the Philippines) . Most of the economies in the bottom quintile are lowincome (the Central African Republic; Chad, The Gambia, Madagascar, Sierra Leone) with 3 lower-middle-income economies (Côte d'lvoire, TirorLeste, Vanuatu) and 2 upper-middle-income economies (Iraq, West Bank and Gaza)  Tnese findings should be interpreted with caution; Que to the limited geographic coverage of this 2024 report. pillar Hong Kong