## Performance topic by

Beyond the pillar performance of economies, B-READY 2024 also presents information on economy perormance at the topic level. Table ES.2 provides 2 visual representation that allows readers to identify the topics where economies should improve. To inform detailed policy advice; B-READY also provides more granular data for each topic and pillar in appendix A and on the project's website (https:  /wwvw.worldbank.org /en /businessready) . specific much

The performance patterns of economies tend to be consistent across various topics, but all economies have room for improvement. While economies exhibit varying degrees of performance across different topics, a consistent pattern emerges. Economies with a favorable business environment in one area (for example, in a higher quintile group) tend to have a similar Performance in other areas in higher quintiles) . The opposite is also true. Economies in a lower quintile in one area tend to lower quintile perormances across other areas, This trend could be attributed to the lact that topics are interlinked Policy makers may consider these interlinkages a5 devise reform strategies. being (being have they

To explore the linkages between the topics, the topic scores were ordered from highest to lowest, and the correlations were analyzed based on this ordering. This method, which assesses the association between two variables based on their position rather than their raw values, is particularly useful when comparing how economies belong to specific quintiles .

For example, Market Competition and Business Location are the two that the same economies appear in the same performance quintile in both topics. Their correlation is 0.80. Seven economies are present in the top quintile for both (Colombia, Costa Rica, Crcatia, Estonia, Hungary , Rwanda, Singapore). Another 5 economies share the second quintile SAR, China; Mauritius; Portugal; Romania; the Slovak Republic), and 6 appear consistently in the bottom quintile in both (Chad, The Gambia Lesotho; Sierra Leone, Timor-Leste} " This suggests that economies that protect fair and efficient allocation of resources between competing are also more likely to have regulations and services that reduce market distortion of land and property rights including clearly defined sets of building regulations and environmental permitting standards. (Hong Kong Iraq: firrs