International Trade and Market Competition are the second most similar topics in terms of economy distribution; their correlation is 0.76. Six economies are present in the top quintile for both (Croatia, Estonia, Greece; Hungary, Rwanda, Singapore). Another 5 economies share the second quintile (Mauritius, Morocco, New Zealand, Portugal, Viet Nam) , and 7 appear consistently in the bottom quintile in both (Chad, The Gambia, Sierra Leone; Timor-Leste; Vanuatu; West Bank and Gaza) ? Global trade dynamics and government policies on trade influence competitive practices within markets ano vice versa. For example; companies that engage in global trade can adopt innovative practices from other economies enhancing their competitive capabilities. The exchange of knowledge and diversification of products benefit consumers, while lostering a more dynamic competitive environment. Iraq

Another notable example of complementarities is between Dispute Resolution and Business Insolvency, with 0 correlation of 0.72 These two tcpics share 8 economies in their top quintile (Colombia, Croatia, Estonia, Georgia, Hungary , Portugal, Rwanda, the Slovak Republic), while 3 economies consistently appear in the second quintile (Indonesia, Montenegro, Togo), and 4 in the bottom quintile (Iraq; Timor Leste, Vanuatu, West Bank and Gaza).? This finding suggests a likely complementarity arising from the characteristics of the judiciary institutions benchmarked within these topics. A favorable business environment in one environment in other area5, and overall. In some topics, however complementarties are limited or nonexistent due to the very different nature of topics; such as Taxation and Services Or Labor and Financial Services 22 good Utility

Figure ES.5 presents the distribution of economies in quintiles. Strong performance is not reserved to a small group of economies. In total, 29 economies score in the top quintile in at least one topic, representing all income levels {1 low-income 7 lower-middle-income; 10 upper-middleincome, 11 high-income economies) and all regions (6 economies from East Asia and Pacific; 6 OECD high-income economies; 5 from Europe from the Middle East and North Africa; 1 South Asia; and 6 from Sub-Saharan Africa) This is very encouraging: However; no economy scores in the quintile across 9 or 10 topics, indicating that there is potential for improvernent in every economy across the 10 topics. top global from top