## FIGURE ES.12 The "public services gap" closes remarkably as the business environment improves

Average pillar

<!-- image -->

Source: B-READY 2024 data

Nore; The economies in each quintile are determined Ey the respective scores cf the Regulatory Framewcrk and Public Services

(refer to ES.13). Across the 10 topics, the Operational Efficiercy pillar outperorms the Public Services on average; and notably so in the topics of Business Location, Utility Services, and Taxation, where the also surpasses the Regulatory Framework (refer to figure ES,14). These patterns highlight the adaptability of firms in environments marked by deficient public services provision, suggesting may have developed coping mechanisms to navigate their respective business environments. figure pillar pillar pillar they

Although firrs exhibit resilience arid challenging conditions, have the potential to thrive if these conditions improve. Such improvements can also foster market entry for newcomers, essential for cultivating &amp; more dynamic, innovative, and diversified business landscape A caveat to note in interpreting these data is that firms providing input for Operational Efficiency indicators are sampled from the formal sector and exclude very small or recently established Larger and older firs may be less sensitive to weak regulatory and services environmenls. they firms. public

## 5. Most economies have room to improve across all B-READY topics.

Figure ES,15 offers a concise overview of the score distribution for all the B-READY topics. The topic of Business Entry has the highest average score (69,96 points) , followed by Utility Services (65.13 points), and Labor (64.99 points). Conversely , the topics with the lowest average scores are Market Competition (48.04 points) , Business Insolvency (49.99 points) ,