available on the B-READY website (https:/ /wwwworldbark. fbusinessready) org/en

B-READY 2025 will entail several updates to enhance data collection processes and improve the quality of the data. The updates to expert questionnaires will reflect refinements to the methodology of the topics, which will be included in the B-READY Methodology Handbook. The updates to the data collection process will consist of more efficient and streamlined expert recruitment and engagement procedures; which wvill be included in the B-READY Manual and Guide- B-READY will continue to have an open and transparent dialogue with governments, civil society, and private sector organizations. It will provide governments with the possibilily to complete B-READY questionnaires that are used to validate data. It will make economy profiles and other informational materials available on the website for everyone to consult . And it will provide opportunities for knowledge sharing through meetings , conferences , and public presentations.

## Notes

- 1 Refer to the World Bank mission statement; https: / /www worldbankorg/en
- 2 Loayza and Pennings {2022}.
- 4 USAID (2021}.
- 5 {source/word-develcpment-indicators}. The figure was derived by dividing the five-year average of 'Gross fixed capital formation; private sector (% of GDP)" by the five-year average of 'Gross fixed capital formation (% of GDP)" for all economies and the average across all low- and middle-income taking
- 6  IMF (2024), The figure was derived by averaging General government total expendilure {a5 a % of GDF}" in 2022 across all low- and middle-income countries and subtracting from GDF overall
- UNECA (2020)
- 8 World Bank (2024a}
- 9 fafroverview
- 11. World Bank (20242}-
- 12 UN Climate Change {2024).
- 13. further information on the initially planned gradual expansion of