- date information on the economies covered and planned t
- 14 . B-READY Concept Nate; Annex Ill a, Main Expert Contributors per ~Note-December-2022 pdf
- 16 , World Bank (023a)
- 17 . World Bank (2023b}.
- 18. For more detzils about the three-year rollout; refer to chapter 1 and the
- 19 . Similarities between Market Competition and Business Location extend to thc third cuintile, where 6 economics are grouped in both topics (Bosnia and Scychelles, Tanzaniz).
- 20. Similarities bctwcen International Trade and Markct Compctition cxtend to the third quintile, where 5 economies can be found in both topics (El Salvador; 6 economies are present in both (Bangladesh , Barbados Cambodia
- 21 Similarities between Dispule Resolution and Business Insolvency extend to Kyrgyz Republic, the Philippines), and to the fourth quintile, where 2 econories appear in both topics {Chad, The Gambia) .
- 22. The correlalion between Taxation and Utilily Services is 0.27 (thelowest arong 0.29 {the second-lowest among all topic correlations)

## References

Artuc, E N. Loayza, D. McKenzie, B. Ozler; 'Toward Successlul Development Policies: Insights Research in Developrent Econorics, Folicy Research Working Paper 9133, World Bank, Washington, DC Kraay, frorn

IMF (Internaticnal Monetary Fund}. 2024 Wond Economic Outlook, April 2024 Steady but Slow: Resilience Amid Divergence; Washington; DC: IMF

Loayza, N. Extensions; and Apolicarions. Washington; DC: World Bank.

- UN Climate Change. 2024. 'From Vision to Reality: Getting the Job Done: Executive Secretary Speech.' Speech by UN Climate Change Executive