The private sector is driven by the efforts ard ingenuity of entrepreneurs and workers, but it is profoundly affected by public policies and regulations that, when working well, can create a conducive business environment. The private sector needs an enabling business environment to thrive, and governments can play a major positive role in creating it.

## What is Business Ready?

Business Ready (B-READY) is a new datz collection and analysis project of the World Bank to asse55 the business and investment climate worldwide, accompanied by an annual corporate flagship report. It is a instrument of the World Bank Groups new strategy to facilitate private investment; generate employment, and improve productivity to help economies accelerate development in inclusive and sustainable ways. B-READY and improves upon the World Bank Groups earlier Business project. It reflects 0 more balanced and more transparent approach toward evaluating an economy's business and investment climate, building on recommendations from hundreds of experts inside and outside the Worla Bank including govemments, the sector; and civil society organizations (refer to box 1.1),4 The project aims to balance de jure and de facto measures, ensuring that the data produced are both comparable across economies and representative within each economy. Group key replaces Doing Group; private

## BOX 1.1

## Comparison of the features of Business and B-READY key Doing

On September 16, 2021 , the senior management of the World Bank Group decided to discontinue the Business report and data collection. Italso announced the development of a new approach for assessing the business and investment climate: the Business Ready (B-READY) project.  This new project draws on advice from experts in the World Bank Group and recommendations from qualified academics and practitioners cutside the institution, including the Exteral Panel Review Doing Business methodology (World Bank 2021}, a5 well as feedback from an extensive consultation process with potential users In government; the private sector; and civil society. Doing

While the focus of the Business project Wvas On assessing the business environment for small and medium enterprises, the B-READY project targets private sector development as a whole Business centered on the regulatory burden for firms, with some atlention to services. In contrast, B-READY evaluates the regulatory burden as well as the quality of regulations and provision of related services; along with the ease of compliance with the regulatory framework and the effective use of public services directly relevant to firms. AIl topics examined by B-READY are structured under three pillars; (I} Regulatoy Framework Doing Doing public public