## BOX 1.1

## Comparison of the features of Business and B-READY (Continued) Doing

(I) Public Services, and (IIl) Operational Efficiency. Furthermore, the new project assesses not only the ability to conduct business for individual firms (firm flexibility) , but also the inclusive and sustainable aspects of private sector development (social benefits) . To gather data, B-READY uses 21 questionnaires, compared with 11 questionnaires used by data on almost 1,200 indicators (from about 2,000 data points) per economy. It also covers whereas Doing Business sometimes omitted critical areas such as labor Doing

Doing Business assessed economies' performance based on rankings and scores, focusing on aggregate rarkings to drive public interest and motivate reforms. B-READY uses quantifiable disaggregated indicators , aggregating into scores by topic and pillar. This approach identifies specific areas for reform and encourages reforms without overhyping economywide rankings . points

Doing Business collected data through expert consultations and extensive case studies with strict assumptions , covering either de jure or de facto regulations, but not both uniformly. In contrast, B-READY combines expert consultations and firm surveys to capture a balanced view of de jure and de facto aspects. This allows B-READY to achieve a better balance between data comparability across economies

While Business covered the main business in 191 economies and the secondlargest business in 11 economies, B-READY aims for wide coverage within and across economies, with coverage for different topics based on whether regulations are national or local Doing city city

Like Business, B-READY updates data each year for indicators based on expert consultations For data derived from firm-level surveys, it updates data for different sets of economies each year; resulting in stable data for each economy over a three year Doing cycle.

B-READY assessments aim to improve the private sector; not only by advancing the interests of individual firms but also by elevating the interests of workers, consumers, potenlial nev enterprises , and the natural environment. B-READY aims to achieve this objective by focusing on three main areas;

- Reform advocacy. B-READY advocates for policy reform through the elfective communication of international benchmarking, opening the door for knowledge sharing and policy dialogue for governments, the private sector; the World Bank Group; and other development institutions.