## Business Ready 2024

- Policy guidance. B-READY guides specific pclicy change through comprehensive and relevant data and information, showing how and by how much each economy internalional practice. lags good
- Analysis and research. B-READY provides granular data for research and analysis, shedding light on the drivers and mechanisms of private sector development

This strategy is illustrated in figure 1,1.

## FIGURE 1.1 B-READY's comprehensive approach to private sector development

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Business readiness assessment

Favorable business environment

## REQUIRED FEATURES

<!-- image -->

- Quantitative
- Comparable across economies
- Representative of each economy
- perspective

Source: B-READY project

## POSITIVE GOVERNMENT ROLE

- Good regulations
- Proper public scrvices

<!-- image -->

Private sector development

## COMPREHENSIVE

- Enterprises {existing and polential)
- Workers
- Efficient implementation
- Consumcrs
- Ecosystem

As a new project; B-READY is in a three-year rollout spanning 2024 to 2026, During this the project will grow in geographic coverage and refine its process and methodology . This 2024 report is the first of three during the rollout. It covers 50 economies that represent all income levels and geographic regions around the world. Due to the limited number of economies included in this first report, the and income trends are suggestive; not definitive . Likewise; the methodology remains open to refinement and may evolve through subsequent studies. The second report; expected to be released in September 2025 , cover more than 100 economies. The third report, expected to be released in September 2026, will assess about 180 economies , bringing the rollout to conclusion and providing a full benchmark for future straightforwward advantage or disadvantage to an economy being in one round versus another. In fact; there are pros and cons to participating either earlier or later in the project. Phase period , regional will global phase