For the Regulatory Frarnework pillar, indicators distinguish between rules and regulations that promote clarity, fairness, and the sustainability of the business environment and those that unnecessarily inhibit entrepreneurial activity.

For the Public Services pillar; the indicators emphasize digitalization; interoperability, transparency and adequacy of services directed at regulatory compliance and enabling business activities. Indicators in this pillar measure the availability of online services; without precluding other means of providing public services. The availability of electronic factor in enhancing accessibility and efficiency. Indicators are limited to the scope of the business environment in areas related to the Iife of a fir. easing public cycle the Operational Efficiency pillar, the indicators across topics asses5 firms' experience in practice with respect to the business environment. encompass both the ease of compliance with the regulatory framework and the effective use of public services directly relevant to firms. For They

By emphasizing regulatory practices, and the importance of service provision, B-READY indicators propose an active but strategic lies primarily in adopting effective rules and regulations that adhere to internationally recognized for the private sector that stimulate business activity, reduce uncertainty and risks , reinforce the rule of and promote responsible business public good gooo

B-READY does not cover other aspects of the business environment that are well covered by other indicators, including macroeconomic conditions (such as the World Bank s Global Economic Prospects), government corruption and accountability (such a5 the World Bank's Worldwide Governance Indicators) , human capital (such as the World Banks Human Capital Index) or conflict, crime, and violence (such as statistics from the United Nations Office on and Crime). Although B-READY does not Measure informality or collect data directly from informal firms, including by assessing the issues that incentivize firms to formalize or prevent lirms by expanding forral firms. Drugs