In the Public Services pillar; Estonia emerges as the top perormer with a score of 73.31 points, while Greece holds the lowest score of 64,51 within the top quintile . This has the lowest average score across all pillars (68,82 points) , with 0 range of 8,80, The moderate range indicates some variability in the quality of services, though most economies still offer superior support for businesses through enhanced transparency , digitalization, and interoperability of government services. For example; top-perorming econcmies in this pillar are recognized for their user-friendly online platforms, which simplify business interactions with government agencies, reduce bureaucracy and improve cverall service delivery - This digitalization not only facilitates smcother operations but also builds trust between businesses and government, fostering a more conducive business environment for economic growth. However; the fact that this has the lowest average score among all suggests that there is still roor for improvement in delivering high-quality public services . points pillar public pillar pillars

In the Operational Efficiency pillar; Singapore stands out as the performer with a score of 87.33 points, while Viet Nam has the lowest score of 72.78 points within the quintile. The average score in this pillar is 78.67 points the highest among the pillars, However; scores also have the most significant variation among all pillars, with a range of 14.55 points . This relatively wide range indicates uneven perforance levels among top-penorming economies. top top

Overall, economies in the top quintile Perfom well across multiple pillars , often ranking highly across various topics. For instance; Estonia scores in the top quintile of economies in 7 of the 10 topics and Rwanda is present in the first quintile in 6 ofthe 10 topics. This strong performance across pillars showcases the broad strengths of these economies, though it also reveals specific areas where further improvements could enhance their overall competitiveness .

Second quintile. Economies in the second quintile represent the next 20 percent of the data, from the 6Oth to the 8Oth percentile. These economies are characterized by adopted many de jure international good practices and high levels of de facto public services and operational efficiency as experienced by firms. have above-average scores across most topics, but also show potential for improvements. Within this quintile, the Regulatory Framework pillar has the highest average score of 71.10 among the three pillars; coupled with the narrowest range (3.81 points), indicating a relatively consistent perforance across these economies and adherence to regulatory practices. Estonia leads this pillar within the second quintile, achieving a score of 72.84 points , while has the lowest score of 69.03 points. Despite in the second quintile for the Regulatory Framework pillar; Estonia demonstrates its overall strength by having They good Togo being