ranking in the quintile for both the Public Services and Operational Efficiency pillars. This positioning reflects Estonia's ability to translate services and a business environment where firms experience the ease of compliance with the regulations and the eflective use of services. This contrast between Estonias placement in the second quintile for the Regulatory Framework and its top-quintile achievements in other pillars suggests that while the regulatory framework is robust, there may still be room for refinement to fully match the efficiency and service quality seen in its other strengths. By cortinuing to fine-tune its regulatory environment; Estonia has the potential to further elevate its overall economic performance; ensuring that all aspects of its business environment are aligned at the highest level. top public public

In the Public Services pillar, within the second quintile; Bulgaria achieves the highest score of 64.03 points while Mauritius scores the lowest at 56.28 Similar to Estonia, Bulgaria; despite in the second quintile for Public Services, excels in the tcP quintile for both the Regulatory Framework and Operational Efficiency This suggests that while Bulgaria maintains a strong regulatory framework that enhances the operational efficiency for businesses, there remains a need for improvement in its services lo achieve exceptional overall business environment performance. It is also notable that the Public Services pillar has the lowest average score (61.22 points) with the widest range (7.75 points) among the three pillars. This broader range highlights disparities in the quality of services among eccnomies in this quintile that could be addressed to further elevate these economies. being points. pillars . public public

The Operational Efficiency shows a relatively higher average score of 70.26 compared to the Public Services in the second quintile, with a narrower range of 3.90 points. While most economies in this quintile demonstrate strong operational efficiency, slight disparties suggest that targeted reforms could enhance efliciency further. Nepal leads this with Nepal excels in the Operational Efficiency pillar; its scores are lower in te other pillars. This pattern may be explained by the adaptability of existing firms to the poor regulatory environment and deficient services. The disparities in Nepals performance across diflerent pillars underscores the need for substantial reforms even if the country perorms relatively well in the Operational Elficiency Addressing these gaps could enhance overall business conditions and support more sustainable economic growth. pillar points pillar pillar public pillar.

Third quintile. This quintile covers the middle 20 percent of economies, ranging from the 4Oth to the 6Oth percentile  These economies exhibit strengths and weaknesses in their business environment. In the Regulatory Framework pillar; the average score of the third quintile