is 66.65 points, with Morocco achieving the highest score cf 68.92 points, and Mauritius the lowest at 64,55 points within the third quintile\_ The Operational Elficiency pillar follows closely, with an average score of 65.02 points, led by Botswana at 67.73 points, while Mexico has the lowest score of 61.73. The Public Services pillar has the lowest average score among the three, at 50.40 points, with North Macedonia scoring the highest at 53.56 and Ghana the lowest at 47.67 points points.

In the third quintile; the range between the highest and lowest scores across all pillars i5 relatively similar; indicating a consistent level of performance within each pillar among these economies. While these economies may have established laws and regulations, deficiencies in services and a lack of transparency of information may be hindering them from developing a stronger private sector: To improve their overall business environment, these economies should continue reform efforts in topics where perform well. At the same time, should address weakness in the topics and pillars where currently underperorm. good public they they they

Fourth quintile. Economies in the fourth quintile include the penultimate These economies grapple with a challenging business environment characterized by relatively weak regulatory frareworks and public services, which constrains the operational efficiency of their businesses.

Among the in the fourth quintile, the Public Services pillar stands out with the lowest average score (41.48 points) , reflecting the relatively low level of support available to businesses. In this pillar, Barbados achieves the highest score of 46,40, while Bosnia and Hezegovina scores lowest Jt 37.81 The Operational Efficiency comes next, with an average Costa Rica has the lowest score at 53.66 points. The Regulatory Framework pillar has the highest average score within the quintile, at 60,66 points, with Indonesia scoring the highest at 63.98 points and Barbados at the lower end with 58.81 These relatively low scores highlight the pressing need for improvement in these economies to foster a more conducive business environment. pillars pillar points. points.

Bottom quintile. Economies in the bottom quintile (lightest shade of blue in table 2,1) represent the lowest performance in each pillar; from the minimum value to the 2Oth percentile. These economies face significant challenges , particularly in the Public Services pillar; which has an average score of just 26.73 points . In contrast; their average scores are relatively higher in the Regulatory Framework (52.75 points) and Operational Efficiency pillar (48.03 points). pillar