The range between the highest and lowest scores within is the widest in this quintile, highlighting the significant disparities in perormance . For example, Madagascar achieves the highest score in this group for the Regulatory Framework pillar; with 57.38 points, while Timor-Leste scores the lowest with 46.21 Similarly , in the Fublic Services pillar, the Seychelles scores the highest, with 37.21 points, whereas the Central African Republic records the lowest with 18.35 In the Operational Eficiency pillar; West Bank and Gaza attains the highest score of 52.75 points, while the Central African Republic scores 40.36 points. pillars points.

This wide range of scores reveals that while some economies in the bottom quintile manage to maintain moderately stable regulatory and operational frameworks, others fall severely behind, especially in public service delivery. Entrepreneurs in these economies; many of which are fragile and conflict-affected; need to show remarkable resilience in conducting their operations .  The pronounced disparities in Performance underscores the uneven developmert within these economies and to critical areas that require urgent attention ano reform. pillar points

There is significant diversity in the distribution of economies by income level across the three pillars. Figure 21 shows how economies in each of the quintiles are distributed by income across the three pillars. These patterns yield several important insights.

## Economies of varying income levels can adopt strong regulatory

frameworks (reler to 2.1, Panel a). The quintile in the Regulatcry Framework consists mostly of high-income economies , with notable examples such as Hungary, Portugal, and the Slovak Republic, but 40 percent are upper-middle-income economies, including Bulgaria, Colombia, Georgia, and Mexico. The second quintile leatures all income levels; 3 high-income economies (Estonia; SAR, China; Singapore); 4 upper-middle-income economies (Costa Rica; Montenegro; North Macedonia, Peru); 1 lower-middle-income economy (the Philippines); and 2 low-income economies (Rwanda; Togo). Such and incomelevel diversity emphasizes the potential for any economy to establish a robust legal and regulatory framework that can boost its business climate Additionally, it Presents an opportunity for mutual learning among peers. The third quintile mainly consists of lower-middle-income economies, wvith the inclusion of 1 high-income economy (New Zealand) and 3 uppermiddle-income economies (Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana; Mauritius) . The fourth quintile spans all income levels, while the bottom quintile is mostly lower-middle-income, with 2 upper middle-income economies (Iraq; West Bank and Gaza) and 3 lcw-income economies (The Gambia, Madagascar; Sierra Leone) figure top pillar Hong Kong regional