International Trade and Market Competition are the second most similar topics in terms of economy distribution; their correlation is 0,76. Six economies are present in the top quintile for both (Croatia, Estonia, Greece; Hungary, Rwanda, Singapore). Another 5 economies share the second 7 appear consistently in the bottom quintile in both (Chad, The Gambia, Iraq; Sierra Leone; Timor-Leste; Vanuatu; West Bank and Gaza) 2 Global trade dynamics and government policies on trade influence competitive practices within markets, and vice versa. For example; companies that engage in global trade can adopt innovative practices from other countries, enhancing their competitive capabilities. The exchange of knowledge and diversification of products benefits consumers, while fostering a more dynamic competitive environment.

Another notable example of complementarities is between Dispute Resolution and Business Insolvency, with 0 correlation of 0.72 These two tcpics share 8 economies in their top quintile (Colombia, Croatia, while 3 economies consistently appear in the second quintile (Indonesia, Montenegro; Togo) and 4 in the bottom quintile (Iraq, Timor-Leste\_ Vanuatu, West Bank and Gaza) . This finding suggests a likely complementarity arising from the characteristics of the judiciary institutions benchmarked within these topics. A favorable business environment in one Jrea also tends to be associated with a environment in other areas, In some topics, however complementarities are limited or nonexistent due to the very different nature of topics; such as Taxation and Services Or good Utility

Figure 2.2 presents the distribution of economies in quintiles . Strong performance is not reserved to a small group of economies. Eight economies (Botswana, Cambodia, Indonesia, Lesotho, Morocco, Pakistan; the Philippines, the Seychelles) score in the quintile ín any one topic; while 2 economies (Hungary Singapore) score in 8 topics. In total, economies score in the top quintile in at least one topic, representing all income levels (1 low-income ecoromy; 7 lower-middle income; 10 upper-middle-income; 11 high-income economies) and all global regions (6 economies from East Asia and Pacific; 6 from the OECD high-income region; 5 from Europe and Central Asia; 4 from Latin America 6 from Sub-Saharan Africa). This is very encouraging. However; no economy is present in the top quintile across 9 or all 10 topics; indicating that there is potential for improvement in every economy across and within topics. top 29