and electronic search for all company records. This makes the company incorporation process simpler and more time-efficient.  Similarly, in Business Location, the economies in the top quintile have established regulatory framework by allowing regulatory flexibility on property lease and ownership, along with a clearly defined set of building regulations and environmental permitting standards .

Second quintile. Among economies in the second quintile, adoption of internationally good practices is generally very high, but some weaknesses are observable at the level For example, in Services, for economies in the second quintile, performance in one of the three pillars is considerably weaker than in the other two. Colombia's Utility Services' Pillar Il (Public Services) and Pillar III (Operational Elliciency) scores are very high; while its Fillar | (Regulatory Framework) score is weaker; suggesting that policy makers may need to consider improving the regulatory framework. Similarly, the Kyrgyz Republics Pillar This suggests that the area of services is lagging the most within the three In Labor the economies in the second quintile established balanced laws and regulations based on recommendations by the International Labour Organization but are deficient in the availability of services such a5 governmentprovided unemployment protection. pillar Utility public points . pillars. have public

Third quintile. Third quintile economies display medium performance pillars, with notable deficiencies in public services in certain topics. For example, in Financial Services, access to credit data for borrowers (both individuals and firms) is limited, and efective collateral registries that can facilitate Iending decisions and protect the rights of borrowers and lenders have not been implemented. Similarly in International Trade, most economies have poor public services. For example, electronic systems for international trade have only limited functionalities and do not integrate all relevant border control agencies. Physical equipment and facilities are lacking in at least one of the main borders assessed. Trusted trader programs do not cover all economic operators working on trade are not recognized by all relevant agencies, and do not offer &amp; streamlined certification process for renewals.

Fourth quintile. Fourth quintile economies show considerably weaker performance in two pillars out of the three. For example, while Romania achieves a hígher score of 61.45 in Taxation in Pillar II, it scores lower in Pillar | and Pillar II, with 48.50 points and 41,88 points, respectively. This performance suggests that while Romania has established efficient operational practices, it needs to address Points