shortcomings in its regulatory framework and service provision to achieve 0 more cohesive and comprehensive taxation system, Similarly , Botswana's Dispute Resolution Pillar score is 79.00 points, compared with 43.14 points and 46.05 points in Pillars I and III, respectively. This sends a signal to policy makers about the specific gaps in the country between what exists in the letter of the law (de jure) and how those rules are implemented in practice (de facto) Public

Bottom quintile. Finally ; the bottom quintile economies are characterized no practice in some areas such a5 Business Insolvency and Market Competition. Regardless of the area, entrepreneurs in these economies to show remarkable resilience when conducting their operations. need

## Relationship between business readiness and economic indicators

The discussion that follows examines the relationship between business readiness and several economic indicators: gross domestic product (GDP) per capita; foreign direct investment (FDl); and income level, focusing on the relative performance of low-income and middle-income economies.

## Relationship with GDP

The three B-READY pillar scores (Regulatory Framework, Public Services, Operational Efficiency) are strongly associated with GDP per capita (refer to figure 2.3). However the intensity of this association varies across the different 5 The same difference in GDP per between two economies is associated with a larger difference in their scores for Pillar II than for Pillars and III. While these correlations do not imply causation, show that economies with higher levels of income are more likely to have better business regulations; Public services, and operational efficiency . pillars . capita they

## Economies do not need to be rich to develop a strong business

environment. Some low-income and middle-income economies also achieve relatively high scores. For example, Colombia; Georgia, Rwanda; and are present in the two quintiles of the Regulatory Framework Rwanda is in the quintile in Public Services. It also excels in Operational Efficiency, along with Georgia, the Kyrgyz Republic, and Nepal. Togo top pillar toP