dillerences acruss Scrvices activity suggests incipicnt improvement in early 2024, manufacturing in Germany. Growth is forecase [o firm   only   slighrly percent, supported by an ongoing recovery in incomes investMent and export growth.  Consumer spending is expected in 2024. a5 inllation tu} risc, albeit at 1 more moderare 1,7.C). pacc real (figurc

Growth is forecast pick   up in 2025, 14 from lower policy rates and the ahsorption 0f EU funds. In 2026, economic activity is projected to expand relatively stable pace of 1.3 percent, slightly Potential cstimates reforms under rhe European Union's NextGenera aca mcmbers, national fiscal policy is cxpccted to On activity in the near term. growth large drag

In Japan, is expccted to deceleratc to 0.7 percent in 202Á, due feeble   expansion   in consumption and slowing exports amnid normalizproduction and scabilizing demand. Ourpur is projecred [O grow at an average Fate of ] Percent in 2025 and 0.9 Percent in 2026, slight   improvements in spending   and The Bank   of discontinued   major   unconventional  policy Japan control negative   intcrest purchases 0-0.1 perccnt, while also   signaling   possible further Monetary action if   inflation risks rise, including in the contexl of depreciation of che yen ing yicld rapid

## China

Growrh in China edged up in early 2024, supported by 4 positive   contribution   from Following weakness lasr ycar, exports and imporrs have boch strengthened, Meanwhile , overall investment wizh solid infrastructure   and manufacturing invesrment tepid, gtowth

## FIGURE 1.7 Major economies: Recent developments and outlook

0.5 labor   market   tightncss h2s been reccding, with   the balancing  in Euro arca consumcr sponding growth. In China; Overal investment growth remained tepid in early 2024, wirh solid infrastructufe and manufacturing investment against

openings

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

C. Wage growth

<!-- image -->

China

<!-- image -->

B

declining   real eslale a5 propcrty downturn now in its third continues and sales have [urther, and devclopers have   cxperienced financing Amid weak confidence; domnestic consumnption has lso remained subducd, with sales   Erowth bclow prepandemic Headline Conslmer declining against (figure prices prices