## Foreword

It was a bold idea, boosted by 1 snappy slogan: billions to trillions\_ A decade ago, in an era when private capital was gushing into developing economies; governments and development institutions figured it was exactly what was needed turbocharge progress on poverty reduction and other development goals. Thc news is that, globally, there are savings; amounting to USS17 trillion, and liquidity is at historical highs, read a World Bank strategy document of the time. good ample key

That proved to be a fantasy . Since 2022, foreign private creditors have extracted nearly USS141 billion more in debE service payments from sector borrowers in developing economies chan they disbursed in new financing. As this report documents, that withdrawal has upended che financing landscape for development. For two years in a row now; the external creditors of developing cconomies have been pulling out more than have been putting in\_with one striking exception. The World Bank and other multilateral institutions pumped in nearly USS85 billion more in 2022 and 2023 than collected in debr service payments. public they

That has thrust some multilateral institutions into a role Were never designed to play\_as lenders of last resort, deploying scarce long-term development finance to compensate for the exit of ocher creditors . Lasc year; multilateral institucions accounted for about 20 percent of the term external debt stock of developing economies, five points higher than in 2019\_ The World Bank's International Development Association (IDA) now accounts for nearly half of the development World Bank accounted for fully a third of the overall net debt inflows going into IDA-eligible countries\_USS16.7 billion; more chln three times the volume 1 decade ag0. they long

That reflects a broken and privare\_is essential for development. progress will depend to an important on restarting the capital flows that most developing countries enjoved in the first decade of this century . But the risk-reward balance cannot be allowed to remain a5 lopsided as it is today, with multilateral institutions and government creditors hearing nearly all the risk and private creditors reaping nearly all the rewards . public Long-5 degree