## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

When global interest rates skyrocketed in 2022 and 2023 and debr distress rose in the poorest countries, the World Bank followed its usual practice. It shifted fromn providing low-interest loans to providing grants to countries at high risk of distress. Ic increased its overall financing for these countries; typically over terms ranging from 30 to 50 years. But private creditors headed for the exits; more than fully compensated by high interesc rates for the investment risks had taken. In the absence of a predictable global system for restructuring debt, most countries distress to tough it out rather than default and risk cut off indefinitely from global financing arriving from the World Bank promptly went out to pay off private creditors. they opted being facing capital

In 2023, developing countries spent a record USS1.4 trillion just to service their debt. That amounted to nearly percent of their gross national income. Ballooning interest payments accounted for most of the increase in overall debt service payments. Principal repayments remained stable ac about USS951 billion; but interest payments surged by more than a third to about USS406 billion.

The result, for many developing countries, has been a devastating diversion of resources away from areas critical for growth and development such as health and education. The squeeze on the poorest and most vulnerable countries ~those eligible to borrow from IDA~has especially fierce. Their interest payments 0n external debt have quadrupled sincc 2013, hitting an all-time high of USS34.6 billion in 2023. been

On average, interest payments now amount to nearly 6 percent of the export carnings of IDA-eligible countriesa level that has not been scen since 1999. For more than half of IDJA-eligible countries are either in deht distress or at high risk of it. No wonder that private creditors been retreating even as multilateral financing increases. have

These faccs imply a metastasizing solvency crisis that continues to be kick the can down the road, to provide these countries just enough financing to help themn mect their immediate rcpayment obligations. But that simply extends their purgatory. These' countries will need to grow at a faster clip if shrink their deht burdens and will need much more investment if growul is repay will never be restored. they reality: the poorest countries debt distress need debr relief if re to have 1 shot at lasting prosperity. A cwenty-first cencury global sysrem is needed co ensure fair play in lending to all developing economies. facing rhey