## Acknowledgments

Development Data comprising Parul Agarwal, Arzu Aytekin Balihek, Kifaye Didem Bayar; Matthew Benjamin; Sylvie Kabaziga Bishweka, Wendy Falcao Pinto Da Silva, Rubena Sukaj, Tin Yu and Rasiel Vellos. The work was carried out under the management of Evis Rucaj and the direction of Haishan Fu. The team was assisted by Nancy Kebe . Group, To,

The overview was prepared by the Debt Statistics Team, with contributions from Yan Bai from the Price Statistics Tcam and Shijie Shi and Naotaka Sugawara with guidance from M. Ayhan Kose and Carlos Arteta from the Development Economics Prospects Group.

Valuable guidance was provided by Indermit S. Gill, senior vice president and chief economisc of the World Bank and Haishan chief statistician of the World Bank and director of the Development Data Constructive feedback was provided by Brian R. Pinto, former senior advisor at the World Bank. The Development Economics Vice Presidency; Macroeconomics, Trade and Investment Global Practice; Development Finance Vice Presidency; and Development Economics Prospects of the World Bank provided helpful feedback on the overview. The final statistics were reviewed by country Group, Fu, Group. Group

The cover was designed by Parul Agarwal and Bill Pragluski. Mark McClure, Jewel McFadden; and Orlando Mota coordinated the publication and Shane Kimo Romig, and Mariana Lozzi Teixeira managed the communications surrounding the release.

The accompanying International Debt Statistics electronic products were prepared with support from a team led by Kunal Patel, Ramgopal Erabelly, and Sebastian Ariel Dolber; and comprising Yuliyan Nikolaev Bogdanov Rajesh Kumar Danda, Svctoslava Georgicva Dimitrova, and Tsvetelina Nikolova Stefanova.