## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

Pandemic-induced economic bottlenecks across the globe, with fiscal policy actions taken by governments in reaction to COVID-19, helped drive global inflation higher while reducing fiscal space for many countries, especially LMICs. Moreover; monetary policy actions in response to rising global prices\_by central banks of high-income countries in particular\_drove interest rates much highec. This rise in global rates significantly increased debr service burdens for LMICs' existing tern debt contracted on variable rates Interest payments on long-term variable rate loans were 14 percent of long-term debt service in 2023, up from 10 percent the prcvious year\_while rendering new external borrowing more expensive. Although global rates look likely to begin falling soon, they remain high and continue t0 put pressure on LMICs' budgets, and che increase in debr servicing costs is expected to moderare only gradually as global interest rates decline. coupled long positive note, LMICs' economies are growing again, with average growch of 4.2 percent so far in 2024 that is expected ro remain relatively stable over the next two years. Because of an increase in activity among commodity exporters and some stabilization in fragile economies, growth in low-income countries is with some measure of relief to manage their rising deht service burdens.

Still , the risks remain. include an escalation of armed conflicts, further trade fragmentation, persistent global inflation, a weakening of risk appetite, and weak growth in major LMICs, especially China. one of these factors could drive debc burdens higher for many LMICs. They global Any

For this reason, accurately tracking LMICs' debt levels and debt trends is important today than ever: Diagnosis is a large part of any cure, and the internarional community can address debr vulnerabilities and debt distress levels if it has the data to show precisely how much debt borrowers carry and how it is evolving. To that end, the World Bank, other multilateral institutions, debtor and creditor country governments, and academia are working togcther to increasc debt transparency among LMICs, including crucial reconciliation of the claims of Group of Seven countries and other memhers of the Paris Cluh with dehtor records. Although much remains to be done, remarkable progress has alreldy been made to further the debt transparency agenda. only

The COVID-19 pandemic did significant damage [0 economies around the world. Although global economic activity has rebounded strongly, che debt incurred in the process particularly by LMICs ~remains. Much work must therefore be done to LMICs' debt levels and debt service burdens back to a reasonable and managcable position. bring