## Takeaways Key

Debt servicing costs of low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) , excluding China, reached an all-time higl in 2023, double the level of a decade ago. Higher to U548.8 trillion fincluding China) with elevated interest rates challenging debr burdens for these countries. Overall debt levels continued [O rise as a result of accumulated horrowing during the pandemic and were exacerbated by financial pressures in its aftermach: notably, a sharp rise in global interest rares, depreciating local currencies, and uncertainty surrounding global economic growth. coupled posed

In addition; che data indicate thar the composition of LMICs' external borrowing has changed markedly since the onset of the pandemic, with multilateral creditors significantly increasing their share of lending to LMICs amid slower lending growth from private creditors.

## takeaways from the 2023 data include the following: Key

- The total debt servicing costs (principal plus interest payments) of all LMICs reached an all-time high of USS1.4 trillion in 2023. For LMICs, excluding China, debt servicing costs climbed to a record of US$971.1 billion in 2023, an increase of 19.7 percent over the previous year and more than double the amounts seen a decade ago. These historically challenging deht service depreciation of local currencies against a scrong US dollar
- Official mulcilateral creditors have been positive contributors to net transfers to LMICs throughout the past decade, offering concessional financing at low interest rates, maturities, and support for countries through times long
- Since the onset of the pandemic, multilateral lenders have become the central financial lifeline for LMICs amid a slowing of private lending. The composition of LMICs' external debt portfolios has changed significantly since 2019 as multilateral creditors\_including the International Monetary assumed the role of providers of emergency relief and balance of payments support in times of crisis. Borrowing from private creditors fell sharply because of adverse market conditions, investor retreat from frontier markets, and-in countries eligible for International Development Association (IDA) assistance\_a concentration on borrowing from official creditors on concessional terms to support debt sustainability.