## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

of shocks that have negatively affected their economies since 2019. By contrast, and excluding China, net transfers from private creditors to sector entities in LMICs have been negative and have resulted instead in a withdrawal by this creditor base for the past three years. Net transfers on external debr owed to hondholders turned negative in 2020 and, despite a significanc improvement; remained negative at USS13.8 billion in 2023. public

- Debt stock owed to multilateral creditors rose 6.8 percent to USS1.3 trillion in 2023, whereas debt stock owed to private creditors increased just 0.8 percent. This contrast mirrors the increases in multilateral lending during other periods of economic crisis, including during the 2008-09 financial crisis, when debt stock owed to multilateral institutions grew at five times thie pace of lending by private credirors. Mulcilateral creditors have played an evell more pronounced role in IDA-eligible countries: their debt stock to these countries increased 10.1 percent in 2023 to USS400.8 billion. The World Bank accounted for US$170.8 billion, or 42.6 percent, of that debt stock .
- in 2023, up 2.4 percenc from the previous year: This rise was driven by a 3.4 percent increase in short-term debt stock (with maturity of less than one term debt stock, to USS6.5 trillion. public and publicly guaranteed external debt rose 3.6 percent to USS3.8 trillion, whereas private nonguaranteed debt year; decreasing 1.1 percent to USS2.4 trillion. China accounts for more than 27 percenc of che total debt stock of LMICs. long Long
- For all LMICs (excluding China) , external debt stock rose 3.8 percent to USS6.4 trillion in 2023. Yec debt burdens, which measure debt relative to gross national income (GNI), were broadly unchanged at 34.4 percent, in 2023 and a smaller; 3.8 percent increase in deht stocks. Dehr burdens in the poorest countries; those eligible for IDA resources, continued to rise in 2023 , however; increasing by 1.9 percentage points to an average of 40.6 percent of GNI, as the rise in their debt stock outpaced their GNI growth. The pandemic and its aftermath have hit these countries hardest, and the increase in their debt burdens has diverted resources away from other critical areas, including social services and infrastructure development; negatively affected economic growth; and exacerbared debc vulnerabilicies in many of chem.
- Combined World Bank and International Monetary Fund term debt stock to LMICs has risen 63.1 percent since before the pandemic, more than nine times the growth of private lending to LMICs over the period. Debt stock owed hy LMICs (excluding China) to the World Bank $ International Bank