## 1 of External Debt Stocks and Debt Flows as of End-2023 Analyses

## Trends in External Dcbt Stock, 2013-23

Total external deht stock of and middle-income countries (LMICs) increased upward long-term trend that has persisted in this group of countries over the last two decades, disrupted slightly by decreases in 2015 and 2022 (table 1.1). The 202.3 increase in external dcbt stock1 highlights the elevated indebtedness pressures these countries face in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic; including inflationary pressures, high interest rates; depreciating local currencies, and uncertainty over global economic growth. Jow-

Tight monetary policy in high-income countries has pushed interest rates to their highest level in two decades, and central banks have rales elevated in an effort to ease inflacionary pressures. Higher global interesc rares have augmented interest expenses On existing debr obligations contracted at variable rates and made newly contracted borrowing more expensive for LMICs. This expense has diverted resources away from other critical arcas, including social services and infrastructure development, and has negatively affected economic growth. kept have

From a by an increase in both short- and long-term debt in 2023: short-term debt stock increased 3.4 percent; to USS2.3 trillion; and long-term debt stock increased 2.0 percent to USS6.5 trillion. Excluding slight decrease in 2022, short-term debr stock has been rising since 2016 (figure 1.1). LMICs' increased reliance on short-term debt resulted from countries' needs to cover liquidity requirements, especially during times of cconomic uncertainty when short-term debt was used as a flexible financing option, and during periods of external debt shocks when a response [0 urgent funding requirements and ro the lack of term external funding. The use of short-rerm debr was countries for lower-cost debt with shorter maturities to avoid the higher interest costs of long term commitments. (Refer to box 1.1 for definitions of short-term debt and other concepts used in this report.) opted