## Box 1.2 Understanding Bilateral Currency Swap Lines

Bilateral currency swap lines (BCSLs) are not a new tool for central banks. Currency swap lines in their current form date to the 19605, though became much more prevalent in the wake of the global financial crisis of 2007-08, which disrupted global financial markets and threatened liquidity crises for banks worldwide. More recently BCSLs helped stabilize market conditions in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. they

Historically; BCSLs have been used for three main objectives: (a) to defend a currency peg system such as Bretton Woods; (b) to act as a global liquidity backstop in times of crises or market turmoil; and (c) to enhance the international use of a dorestic currency (lor example, the Chinese rerminbi) .

How work. A BCSL is an agreement between two central banks to exchange currencies. Such agreements allow a central bank to exchange its own currency for the equivalent amount of the counterpart central bank 5 currency in order to provide foreign currency liquidity to domestic commercial banks or to hold as reserves to meet temporary balance of payments needs. BCSLs typically have a three-year renewable term; but some extend to five years or can be openended lor BCSLs between advanced economies like the United Kingdom and the United States. When a BCSL is usedthat is, drawn upon\_the two central banks involved swap currencies, providing their own currency in exchange for an equivalent amount in their counterpart's currency: The swap is based on the exchange rate at the time of transaction, and the swap back al a specified date in the future uses the same exchange rate as the first swap transaction. The swap back may be within as little as one but more typically occurs three months later; in a few exceptional cases, a swap line has been extended to six months Or one year. Because the terms ol the second transaction are set in advance, fluctuations in exchange rates during the period have no impact on repayment. they day

Accounting and disclosure. From an accounting perspective; only draws on BCSLs count as gross international reserves because reserve assets must be available and under control of a countrys monetary authorities. Foreign exchange resources that could be obtained under BCSLs are contingent foreign exchange resources because do not constitute existing claims. Drawvs on BCSLs used to support central bank liquidity operations and settled without recourse to government financing are excluded from public debt statistics and from Debtor Reporting System data. However; draws on BCSLs that are used for balance of payments support are considered to be public debt; and the Debtor Reporting System records the draw on the BCSL as debt outstanding to the bilateral creditor that extended the BCSL based on intormation reported to the Debtor Reporting System by the central bank " Information on BCSL agreements' terms and sizes they

(Box continues On next page)