## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

## Box 1.2 Understanding Bilateral Currency Swap Lines (continued)

is generally available in central bank publications, though details ol dravs and repayment terms are more limited and may be confidential.

Swap lines extended by China and India. Although initially done primarily between central banks of advanced econories, BCSLs have recently become common for other large economies like China and India to promote trade and regional cooperation. The People's Bank of China established its first BCSL in 2008 and since then has concluded over 40 agreements with high-income economies and low- and middle-incorne countries worldwide. Currently; 31 of those agreements are active. In 2022 and 2023, the Feoples Bank of China converted its BCSL with Hong Kong SAR, China; to a long-standing arrangement, signed a BCSL with Saudi Arabia, and renewed agreements it had with the European Central Bank, Indonesia, Singapore; and the United Arab Emirates. The total amount available on China's BCSLs was about *4.16 trillion (USS586 billion) at end-2023, but the amount drawn was much smaller; *114.9 billion (USS16 billion) . or less than 3 percent of the amount available (PBOC 2024). Low- and middle income countries with draws on their BCSLs with China at end-2023 included Mongolia and Pakistan

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) offers BCSLs to its neighbors under the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation currency swap facility. This lacility was implemented in 2012 to help meet the regions short-term foreign exchange liquidity and balance of payments needs ABI's BCSLs usually have a threeyear term, and RBI can offer swaps in euros, Indian rupees, and US dollars . Bhutan, the Maldives , and Sri Lanka have used the facility and established swap lines with RBI and have drawn on those swap lines at various dates between 2012 and 2023, including during the COVID-19 pandemic. The BCSLs in place in 2023 were Bhutan and the Maldives; each equivalent to USS200 million; and Sri Lanka, equivalent to USS400 rillion. At end-2023, the BCSLs for Bhutan and Sri Lanka were fully drawn.

- This definition is consistent with accounting for an International Monetary Fund Flexible Credit Line in Balance of Payments statistics.
- b. This practice is consistent with IMF (2018) and IMF (2022).
- c. All countries in the South Asia region are members of the South Asian Associalion for Regional Cooperation.

China, the largest borrower among LMICs, accounting for 27,4 percent of the debr stock trend second year in a row in 2023, decreasing 1.1 percent to USS2.4 rillion. China'5 short-term debt stock as a share of total debt stock is the highest among LMICs, rising