Figure 1.2 External Debt Stock of Low- and Middle-Income Countries; 2013-23 USS (trillon}

<!-- image -->

Source: World Kank International Debt Statisrics database.

Note: IDA = Intcrnational Devclopment Association.

t 53.2 percent, rendering its economy almost equally affecred by fluctuations in short- and tern debt stock. In 2023, China'5 short-term debt stock bounced back and increased 1.8 percent to USS1.3 trillion; whereas long-term debt stock decreased for the second year in a row; 4.2 percent to USS1.1 trillion. The contraction in long-term deht was attributable 1o an 8.1 percent decrease in borrowing from the private nonguaranteed (PNG) sector of the economy, to USS616.2 billion in 2023. PNG debr from bondholders decreased 10.9 percent to USS268.0 billion, and PNG debt from commercial banks and other private creditors decreased 5.8 percent to USS348.2 billion. with the decreasing debt stock position; cconomic growth in China has slowed over the past two years, mostly driven by a slowdown in the real estate sector. long falling Along

The total debt stock of LMICs excluding China increased at a faster pace of 3.8 percent, to USS6.4 trillion in 2023. For this group of countries, short-term debt stock increased for the third year in a row; by 5.5 percent to USS1.1 trillion, highlighcing the procyclical nature of these obligations because have remained positive since the outflow experienced in 2020. Excluding a slight 0.3 percent decrease in 2022, term debt stock has been on an upward of an increasc: in long-term public and publicly guaranteed (PPG) debt stock of 4.0 percent to USS3.3 trillion and an increase in PNG debt stock of 2.5 percent to USS2.0 trillion (figure 1.3). they long