## Box 1.3 IMF and World Bank Efforts to Assist with Crises (continued)

to current Rapid Credit Facility and Rapid Financing Instrument limits. Beneliciaries include Burkina Faso; Guinea, Haiti , Malawi , South Sudan, and Ukraine.

The IMF's new lending arm, the Resilience and Sustainability Trust, offers longterm support for climate change; pandemic preparedness, and other sustainability issues . Loans feature a 20-year maturity; a grace period of 10.5 years, and an interest rate with a modest margin over the three-month special drawing rights rate. The most favorable terms are given to the poorest countries through a tiered interest structure. This initiative builds on established IMF ellorts, such as the Catastrophe Containment and Reliet Trust, established in 2015 to otfer debt relief to the poorest nations affected by severe natural or public health disasters .

- a. IMF "Debt Relief under the Heavily Indebled Poor Counlries (HIPC) Initialive, ~indebled-poor-countries-initiative-HIPC.

Apart from debE stock owed to multilateral creditors, increases were recorded in the PPG debr stock owed to bilateral creditors and private creditors for LMICs excluding China. PPG debt srock owed co bilateral creditors increased 1.6 percent to USS486.9 billion in 2023, rebounding after decreasing for the past two years. PPG debt stock owed to private creditors including bondholders, commercial banks, and other private creditors also rcbounded in 2023, incrcasing 2.4 percent to USS1.6 crillion. In 2023, PPG bond financing showed signs of recovery, banks and other private credicors increased 0.6 percent to US$314.0 billion.

The 2023 recovery in PPG deht stock was not matched in the PNG sector commercial banks and other privare creditors recorded an increase of 4.0 percent; to USS1.8 trillion, but PNG debt stock owed to bondholders decreased for the thatdespite of recovery in the PPG sector overall tight financing market conditions, constrained supply from international markets, and elevaled credit risks persist and reflecr a decrease in investor confidence. Councries that have historically relied on chese flows for new or existing financing needs will continue to tace difficulties and vulnerabilities if this trend continues. The recovery of bond financing has been slow because of a deterioration in credit ratings for some LMIC borrowers, which prevented these borrowers from accessing the market. In addition; amid high global interest rates, some creditworthy borrowers have postponed borrowing via new bond issuances in order to avoid paying higher spreads than contracted in the fully signs capital they have past.