In 2023, the rise in debt stock of the world's poorest countries those eligible for IDA concessional financing (designated as IDA-eligible countries) outpaced the rise in other LMICs. It increased by 4.8 percent to an all-time high of uninterrupted upward trend since 20()7, yet gross national income was stagnant in 2023, raising concerns abouc debt vulnerability and sustainability for this group of countries. term debt stock increased 6.4 percent to USS1.0 crillion, composed of the PPG portion; which increased 6.6 percent to USS780.3 billion; and the PNG component, which increased 5,9 percent to USS246.7 billion. The increase in long-term debt was offset by the decrease in the short-term stock, which contracted 7.9 percent to USS109.3 billion in 202.3. Multilateral creditors played an even more pronounced and important role for this group of countries: multilateral debt stock increased 10.1 percent to USS400.8 billion in 2023 (figure 1.5). Reliance on multilateral institutions continued to increase in 2023, and the ratio of multilateral debt to long-term debt stock rose from 37.7 percent in 2022 to 39,0 percent in 2023. Debt owed to the World Bank (IBRD and IDA) increased 12 percent to an all-time high of USS170.8 billion in 2023, more than twice the comparable figure of a decade ago. Despite the increase, the World Bank share of multilateral debr stock, 42.6 percent in 2023, was slightly below the 44.5 percent decade average. Long

Figure 1.5 Creditor Composition of IDA-Eligible Countries' Long-Term Public and Publicly Guaranteed External Debt during Crises, 2006-23

<!-- image -->

Note: Shaded arcas indicate Periods of crises. IDA = International Development Association; IMF = International Monecry Fund.