## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

## Debt Ratios and Debt Resolutions

Despite economic uncertainty , inflation worries, and high interest rates, economic growth among LMICs as measured by gross national income (GNI) in excluding China remained steady (decreasing by 0.8 percentage point) at 34.4 percent in 2023. The ratio has shown a declining trend since reaching a two-decade high of 41.8 percent in 2020. Tle steadiness in 2023 reflected an increasc in the US dollar value of LMICs' combined GNI (not including China), which rose 6.3 percent to USS18.6 trillion, with a 3.8 percent incrcasc only coupled

Countries cligible for IDA assistance showed a different pattern. The debt-toGNI ratio of IDA-eligible countries increased by 1.9 percentage points in 2023 to 40.6 percent, higher than the average 40.2 percent recorded in the aftermath of the pandemic in 2020-21 (figure 1.6). The increase in the ratio was actributable steady, just 0.1 percent to USS2.8 trillion in 2023. The most significant improvement in the ratio took place in low-income countries, all of which are eligible for IDA assistance. Similar to the wider group of IDA-eligible countries, the low-income group also saw the comhined level of its debt stock increase 3.8 percent in 2023, to an all-time high of USS232.0 billion. Despite the increase in total debt stock, the debt-to-GNI ratio ameliorated for this group of countries, decreasing 7.9 percentage points to 37.3 percent. The improvement was the result of a record rise in the combined GNI of low-income countries, which increased 25.7 percent to USS621.3 billion, with Sudan, Ethiopia, and Niger leading the trend. rising

Middle-income countries (not including China) , composed of a mix of countries having access to both IBRD and IDA resources; SaW a slight improvement in their [0 34.3 percent. Overall, che surge in global debt accumulation has led to liquidity and sustainability issues in LMICs, resulting in elevated requests for debt repayment suspensions and debt rescheduling agreements, as the percent of IDA-eligible countries at high risk of debt distress or in debt distress has doubled since 2015 (hox 1.4). point