## Box 1.4 Debt Resolutions in Low- and Middle-Income Countries (continued)

denominaled claims on the government into rupee debt instrumnents (IMF 2023). The authorities are also in the process of reaching an agreement to restructure USS12.5 billion owed to international bondholders\_

In December 2023, Somalia reached Completion Point under the enhanced Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative; The achievement of this milestone reduces the country's external debt to sustainable levels and allows Somalia to reenter international markets and regain access to new external financing: Suriname also finalized an agreernent with its bondholders in November 2023 to reschedule its two outstanding dollar-denominated bonds to a new USS650 fees and expenses of the bondholder committee. In September 2024, Ukraine became the latest country to successfully reach an agreement with its bondholders to restructure USS20 billion in international bonds. The agreement follows the two-year bond moratorium agreed upon in 2022

The World Bank uses GNI for operational purposes because GNI includes net income received from abroad, unlike the gross domestic product measure; which counts only income received from domestic sources. Member countries relative poverty is measured in relation to GNI per capita, and this mcasure underpins the annual income classification published by the IBRD and IDA operational cutoff for fiscal year 2025) and the IBRD and IDJA lending terms (interest rate and maturity) for specified borrowers (box 1.5) capita earnings deteriorated in 2023, increasing 4.7 percentage points to 116.9 percent for LMICs excluding China. After rebounding from the pandemic and reaching an all-cime high in 2022, export earnings from goods, services, and primary income remained steady in 2023 (decreasing just 0.4 percent) at USS5.5 crillion for this group of countries, earnings remained steady despite the negative effects of geopolitical tensions, trade fragmentation, and ever-changing regulatory environments. IDA-eligible countries also saw a deterioration of their debt stock-to-export ratio; which increased 6.6 percentage points, to 190.2 percent. This deterioration was the result of the 4.8 percent increase in debt obligations in 2023, which outpaced the 1.2 percent increase in export earnings, to USS597.5 billion. stock