## Box 1.5 World Bank Income and Lending Classifications Used in International Debt Report 2024

The World Bank classifies economies by income level for analytical purposes (to broadly group countries by level of development) and operational purposes (to determine their Financial Terms and Conditions of Bank Financing) . This report presents data for 119 low- and middle-income countries and Guyana (the only high-income country eligible for International Development Association [IDA] resources) reporting to the World Bank Debtor Reporting System. Twenty-four of these countries are classified as low-income; with per capita income of USS1,145 or below; 95 countries are classified as middle-income; with per capita income greater than USS1,145 and less than USS14,005; and one country; Guyana, is classified as high-income; with per capita income of

Income classifications are updated annually at the start of the World Bank fiscal year (July 1) on the basis of gross national income per capita for the previous year. This year Bulgaria and the Russian Federation were reclassified from middleincome to high-income. Gross national income is expressed in US dollars and determined by conversion lactors derived according to the Atlas methodology " Forty-eight of the middle-income countries covered in this report are eligible only for nonconcessional loans from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), and are referred to as IBRD-only countries. The remaining 24 low-income and 47 middle-income countries, and Guyana, reporting to the Debtor Reporting System are either (a) eligible only for concessional lending from IDA and referred to as IDA-only countries; or (b) eligible for a mix of IBRD and IDA lending and referred t0 as "blend"' countries. Together; IDA-only and IBRD-IDA blend countries are referred to as IDA-eligible countries. Figure B1.5.1 shows the distribution of the 119 low- and middle-income countries and Guyana included in International Debt Report 2024 by income and lending groups. IDA countries receiving their IDA resources only on grant terms, which carry no repayments at all, are not part of the Debtor Reporting Systern. A comprehensive list of each country's income and lending classifications appears in the appendix of this report under "Country Groups.:'

Box continues 0n next page)