## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

the Kyrgyz Republic, and recorded the largest decreases in their debt stock-to-export ratios, whereas Senegal, Ukraine, and Mauritius recorded the largest increases in 2023. Refer to box 1.4 for a discussion of debt resolutions in LMICs. Tonga

## Debt Servicing Burdens of LMICs, 2013-23

Total debt servicing costs (principal plus interest payments) of LMICs reached an all-time high of USS1.4 trillion in 2023. For LMICs excluding China, debt servicing costs climbed to a record of USS971.1 hillion in 2023, an increase of 19.7 percent over the previous year and almost double the amounts seen a decade ago. In 2023, LMICs faced historically challenging debt service burdens due to high debt levels, interest rates that hit 1 two-decade high, and depreciation of local currencies against a strong US dollar; The tightening of monctary policy increase in the value of the US dollar relative to other currencies, which persisted in 2023 and made repayment of non-local currency debt more costly for LMICs a5 their local currencies depreciated.

The increase in tocal debt service payments for this group of countries is a direct outcome of the rapid accumulation of external debt over the past decade. Apart from a sliglt reduction in 2020 due to the suspension of debt service payments from Debt Service Suspension Initiative agreements, debt service burdens were increasing trajectory until 2023. Looking at these payments' composition shows that principal repayments rose 12.9 percent to US$698.9 billion in 2023 and interest payments rose a significant 41.7 percent to USS272.3 billion over che sme borrowing countries can monitor and measure the principal repayment amounts of a debr instrument according to preestablished repaymenc schedules set in debt contract agreements since the inception of the liability, the interest payment amounts for debt contracted at variable interest rates are dependent and greatly affected by fluctuations in global interest rates 1.7) The low-interest rate that prevailed until 2021 interest costs relatively low; however; as interest rates were aggressively increased in 2022, and further in 2023 to tame inflation; interest payments of variable-rate contracted debt also increased. Variable-rate loans account for 57 percent of the long-term external debt stock of LMICs (excluding China) and 40 percent of that of IDA-eligible countries by (figure kepr regime