Figure 1.7 Variable Interest Rates and Interest Payments on Long-Term Debt of Low- and Middle-Income Countries (excluding China). by Creditor Type, 2020-23

<!-- image -->

Note: EURIBOR 6M = 6-monch Euro Interbank Oftered Rate; INP = interest payment; LIBOR 6M = 6-monch London Interbank Oftered Rare; SDRs = special drawing righis;

High interest rares have affected not only che exiscing debt porttolio of LMICs but also new borrowing agreements, which are now contracted at much higher rates. The lending terms of loans extended by official and private creditors in 2023 show a noticeable increase in average interest rate terms of new commitments offered by these two types of creditor groups ( 1.8). The average interest rate of new commicmencs from official creditors increased 2.06 percentage in 2023 to 4.09 percent. Historically, official creditors have extended loans that are more concessional in nature and have more generous terms than market loans, with lower interest rates and longer maturities. The average maturity of debt extended by official creditors has increased from 21 years in 2022 [o 23 years in 2023, highlighting the concessional nature of these obligations. The average interest rate was much higher for lending extended by private credicors in 2023, increasing by 1.37 percentage to 6.0 percent. Typically, the average terms extended by private creditors have higher interest rates and shorter maturities than those from official credicors because they offer a direct measure of the prevailing market financing conditions and risk pricing profiles. The average maturity of deht instruments offered from this creditor shorter than tle average maturity extended by official creditors. being ffigure points points