## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

Excluding China; 4 of the top 10 LMIC borrowers recorded a reduction in their net debt flows in 2023. Thailand experienced net debt outflows in 2023 and a reversal from the 2022 inflows, at USS7.3 billion. Net debt inflows to Argentina and the Aral Republic of FgypE also fell sharply in 2023 but remained positive at [JSS916 million (USS9.7 billion in 2022) and US$5.1 billion (USS20.5 billion in 2022), respectively. Last; net debt inflows to Colombia decreased 12 percent t0 USS12.1 billion in 2023, the smallest decrease experienced by a top-10 borrower country. By contrast, the other 6 of the top 10 LMIC borrowers saw an increase in their net debt flows in 2023, with inflows to Ukraine increasing by more than fourfold the 2022 level, to USS28.3 billion; and those to India and Indonesia increasing by more than double to USS33.4 billion and USS13.1 billion; respectively . Inflows to Brazil and Mexico boch increased by over 75 percent to USS30.6 billion and USS12.3 billion; respectively, while inflows to Türkiye increased by 25 percent to USS37.3 billion.

inflows was even stronger; marking an increase of 16.3 percent, to USS239.1 billion, in 2023 when compared to the 7.6 percent decrease experienced in 2022. With maturity composition of the total net delt inflows increased 76.8 percent to USS190.2 billion; more than offsetting 2023. The increase in1 term debt inflows was heterogeneous because different creditor and debtor groups varied in their responses to the volatile international financial landscape. As a share, multilateral, commercial, and other private creditors' Ict debt inflows accounted for the biggest portion of long-term net debt inflows; each standing at 39 percent; whereas bilateral creditors and bondholders accounted for percent and 15 percenc; respectively. long

Following the ongoing support provided aF unprecedented levels since 2019, long-term net debt inflows from official creditors (composed of bilateral and multilareral creditors) remained positive but decreased by 6.6 percent to USS88.6 billion in 2023. Bilateral creditor net debt inflows increased 2.9 percent to USS13.7 billion, whereas net debt inflows from multilateral creditors decreased 8.1 percent to USS74.9 billion.

New disbursements from the two largest bilateral creditors lending to LMICs, China and Japan; slowed in 2023, decreasing by 2.1 and 11.3 percent; respectively, to USS10.7 billion and US$12.7 billion. Principal repayments to Chinese bilateral creditors and by 3.3 percent to USS6.0 billion to Japanese bilareral credicors. Tle decreases in boch disbursements and principal payments paid paid