caused net flows to Chinese bilateral creditors to improve but remain negative at USS2.5 billion in 2023, and net flows to Japanese bilateral creditors to decrease 17.3 percent to US$6.7 billion.

Net flows from the World Bank (IBRD and IDA lending) , one of the two largest multilatcral creditors lending to the LMICs group (excluding China) , remained steady at USS28.2 billion; whereas net flows from the IMF turned negative; from an inflow of USS13.7 billion to an outflow of USS2.5 billion. For the World Bank, the 3.9 percent increase in new disbursements to USS46.7 billion offset 1 12 percent increase in principal payments, which rose to US$18.4 billion. Net flows from the IMF turned negative in 2023 because of the 24.8 percent decrease in new disbursements to USS27.5 billion, and the 31.4 percent increase in principal repayments to US$30.0 billion.  When Argentina, the dominant recipient and repayor of IMF funds since 2018, is excluded, neE flows from the IMF still decreased by 64 percent but remained positive repurchases for LMICs, excluding Argentina, more than doubled in 2023 to USS12.2 billion; with the top repurchases registered from Egypt, Ukraine; and Pakistan. IMF repurchases outpaced the increase in new lending, which rose 12.9 percent to USS14.8 billion in 2023, as new IMF lending has stabilized after the extraordinary support provided in 2020 during the afrermath of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Consequently , and irrespective of the classification type of the borrower entities; the increase in long-term net debE inflows can be attributed to the partial return of lending from privare creditors, including bondholders; commercial banks, and other privare creditors. After the reduced risk exposure displayed in 2022 private lending increased by almost eight times in 2023 to US$101.7 billion. Net debt flows from bondholders rcbounded and turned positive to USS28.1 billion in 2023, and nct debt inflows from commercial banks and other private creditors increased by 53 percent; to USS73.5 billion; indicating an increasing appetite among these creditors for LMIC debt.

Although the headline figures indicate an improvement in the confidence of private sector investors compared to 2022, the divergence in the components indicares only 1 partial rebound tor privare creditors lending to PPG entities, versus the PNG entities of LMIC economies (when China is excluded)

PPG borrowers commercial banks, and other private creditors) flipped from an outflow of USS7.1 billion in 2022 to an inflow of USS40.1 billion in 2023 1.13). The increase was completely attributable to the rise in net flows fron bondholders, which turned positive in 2023 to USS42.1 billion, from an outflow of USS11.2 billion recorded in 2022. The reversal resulted from a combined (figure