## Box 1.7 Debt-for-Climate Swaps (continued)

arrangements can reduce exposure while contributing to global public goods like climate action,

Debt-for-climate swaps also present challenges. Negotiations are often complex and lengthy, and implementing and monitoring the associaled climate projects can place significant administrative burdens on debtor countries, particularly those with limited institutional capacity (Chamon et al. 2022). Additionally the scale of debt relief provided through these swaps is often modest and may not sufficiently address broader debt burdens.

The first debt swap for environmental conservation occurred in Bolivia in 1987 in the context of the Brady operation. The deal, facilitated by the USbased nonprolit Conservation International, allowed Bolivia to repurchase US$650,000 of debt at an 85 percent discount to tund conservation ettorts in the Beni Biosphere Reserve. In 1998, the US Congress enacted the Tropical Forest Conservation Act to enable 14 eligible countries to reduce the level of debt owed to US bilateral creditors in return for protecting tropical forests. In 2019, the act was expanded to become the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act. In 2023, Peru concluded a swap agreement under this act that will reduce its US bilateral debt by USS20 million. Other creditors that have concluded agreements to swap concessional bilateral claims include Canada,

Despite the challenges associated with negotiating and implementing debtfor-climate swaps, Ihese swaps are gelting increased allention. Three recent debt-for-climate swaps Belize in 2021 and Ecuador and Gabon in 2023 have a common structure that combines a discounted buyback of sovereign bonds; and a debt swap of obligations to bondholders for obligations to private creditors that linanced the buyback. Belize' 5 2021 swap reduced its lotal to marine conservation. In 2023, Ecuador conducted the largest debt-forclimate to date in a buyback operation that repurchased USS1.6 billion of sovereign bonds for USS656 million, releasing close to USS1 billion for marine conservation around the Galápagos Islands. Later in 2023, Gabon executed the first debt-for-climate swap in continental Africa; in a buyback of USS500 million of sovereign bonds at a 10 percent discount to support similar marine conservation initiatives. Several other countries currently in negotiations for climate-related swaps include Cabo Verde, the Lao People's Democratic Republic; and Sri Lanka. The Arab Republic of Egypt recently announced that it is ín the process of negotiating a swap agreement of concessional bilateral debt with China . swap

(Box continves 0n next Page)