in short-tern flows, recording an increase of 33.2 percent to USS60.1 billion in 2023. Official creditors continued to boost their financing for this group of countries and recorded a combined 16.1 percent increase in ner flows in 2023, resulting from a simulaneous increase of 42.3 percent increase t0 USS33.6 billion in net flows from multilateral creditors. New disbursements from bilateral creditors increased 17.4 percent to USS24.4 billion in 2023, outpacing the 2.6 percent increase in principal repayments to USS13.4 billion during the same year: New disbursements from multilateral creditors increased for a third year in a row in 2023, up 15.5 percent to US$48.9 billion, second in volume only to 2020 when multilarerals provided significant financial support during che COVID-19 pandemic to IDA-eligible councries. In 2023, principal repayments also multilateral creditors tried to mitigate the liquidity reversal of other creditor groups and have significantly stepped up their financing for the to IDA-eligible countries located in the Sub-Saharan Africa and 28 percent to those in the South Asia region. have region

In 2023 twofold ro USS15.5 billion. Tle rise was due to the increase in net flows to commercial banks and other private creditors, which doubled to USS15.9 billion in 2023. Of the net flows to commercial banks and other private creditors, 51 percent went to IDA-cligible countries in the Sub-Saharan Africa and 40 percent to countries in the Europe and Central Asia 1.15) . TThese flows were negative in the East Asia and Pacific Net flows to PPG bondholders and PNG bondholders improved slightly but remained negative for a second year in a row; at USS231.2 million and USS169.4 million; respectively. Lao PDR and Uzbekistan were among the few IDA-eligible countries tapping international capital markets in 2023. As they have done in the past, Lao PDR3 public and privare entities issued bonds denominated in Thai haht. Uzhekistan issued a USS660 million Eurobond and che country's first green sovereign Eurobond worth UBZ 4.25 trillion in 2023 Uzbek authorities stated that the proceeds of the issuances will finance environmentally focused projects related to watersaving technologies, sanitation initiatives, establishment of protective forests, and the expansion of railway and metro transportation systemns (UNDP 2023) region (figure region region.