## Box 1.8 Government Expenditures and External Debt Service in Developing Countries (continued)

how external debt service; measured as a percentage of gross domestic product (GDP), is associated with government expenditure shares in these critical sectors. The analysis uses government expenditure data from the year before the debt service; reflecting how governments account for future debt obligations in their budgeting process. It covers 43 countries for agriculture-related expenditures; 34 countries for environmental protection; 105 countries for education, and 113 countries for health expenditures in the general government sector; with data sourced from the World Bank, the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization; and the World Health Organization.

For agriculture-related expenditures, the analysis observed a nearly linear negative trend, with a 1 percent increase in external debt service as a percentage of GDP in the following year associated with a 0.28 percent" decrease in the government expenditure share (0.18 percent-0.39 percent) * Similarly, environmental protection expenditure exhibits a smaller, yet still significant, negative relationship; with a 1 percent of GDP increase in external debt service linked to a 0.09 percent reduction in the expenditure share (0.03 percent-0.15 percent) . Education expenditure follows a moderate U-curve pattern when external debt is below 1 percent of GDP Beyond this level, the expenditure share drops sharply, and a 1 percent increase in external debt service of GDP is associated with a 0.50 percent (0.27 percent-0.74 percent) reduction in education expenditure share. By contrast; health expenditure did not present a clear trend with increased debt service. Although a U-curve is observed when exlernal debt is below 1 percent ol GDP; the expenditure share remains relatively stable beyond this point; possibly reflecting the rigidity of health budgets , particularly in response to pandemic related needs, over this period. With covariates controlled, regression results suggest a negative but statistically insignificant association (p-value = 0.129).

For example; assuming a country with a US$100 billion GDP and USS20 billion in total government expenditure; if external debt service as a share of GDP were to increase by 1 percentage point, rising fror 1 percent (USS1 billion) to 2 percent (US$2 billion) , Development Data Group analysis observed that government spending on agriculture sectors may decrease by USS56 million (0.28 percent) , environmental protection by USS18 million (0.09 percent) , and education by USS100 million (0,.50 percent) (figure B1.8.1). In sum, the analysis findings reveal a generally negative correlation between external debt service and government expenditure shares for agriculture , environmental protection; and education. This analysis does not imply causality and should be interpreted as observational trends. Note that external debt service does not account for debt rollovers, which may limit the capture of fiscal constraints. Further research would be needed to establish causal inference.

(Box continues on next page)