## Box 1.8 Government Expenditures and External Debt Service in Developing Countries (continued)

Sources; World Bank International Debt Statistics and World Development Indicalors databases, Food and Agriculture Organization; and World Heallh Organization.

percentage of GDP and governrnent expenditure shares in the previous year across four sectors: agriculture, environmental protection; education; and health. countries, wilh visval dislinctions made by trending line and confidence intervals are derived from the Generalized Additive Model with cubic spline assumption. region.

Note: This tigure shows the relationship between external debt service a5 a

- a The observed trend reflects the relationship visualized in the figure, based on data from Generalized Additive Model.
- b. Based on the General Linear Model; controlling for urban population as &amp; percentage of total population; lile expectancy at birth; and lixed ellects on year, income classilication; and region. The plotted curve represents a nonlinear relationship fitted with a Generalized
- c. This is the 95 percent confidence interval range\_that is, there is only &amp; 5 percent chance the number is outside this range. A similar range is given here for government expenditure shares in all four sectors investigated
- 1 All mentions of LMIC deht and debE stock in the report refer t0 external deht, unless otherwise the data sources for this rcport, Used

## References

Swaps: Analysis, Design, and Implementation. IMF Working Faper 2022/162, International

Hussain, Farah Imrana, Jnd Helene Dill. 2023. 'India Incorporates Green Bonds into Its Climate

IMF {International Monctary Fund). 2018, IMF