## 2 The Macroeconomic and Debt Outlook for 2024 and Beyond

## Introduction

geopolitical censions and elevated uncertaincy surrounding global rrade policy. Global inflation is expected to moderate, allowing central banks to ease monetary policy to support economic activity . However; the outlook is still subdued for low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) , and weaker for economies with low creditworthiness, constrained fiscal space, and heightened political and social unrest. Risks to the macroeconomic outlook in LMICs remain cilted to the persistenc global inflation and weaker global risk appetire, and slower-thanexpected growth in major LMICs, especially China.

Although LMICs accumulated significant additional debr in 2023 and experienced the heavy debt service burden that goes with it, debt service costs are expected to moderace gradually because of the decline in global interest rates. However; the debt outlook for LMICs also has downside risks. The growing prominence of nontraditional creditors, in addition to the historical accumulation of deht owed to China, could make debE resolution more complex; and it is particularly critical in small states, which ofren have underdeveloped domestic financial markets . In addition; higher borrowing costs and increased debt service burdens could Wvorsen fiscal challenges, amplified by tightening fiscal policy in LMICs.

## Macrocconomic Outlook and Risks

Glohal domestic product growth is expected to stabilize in the short term; following several years of negative shocks. According to the World Bank 's latest projections; global growth is projected to hold steady at 2.6 percent in 2024, before edging higher to 2.7 percent in 2025-26 2.1). In LMICs, growth is forecast to slow from 4.5 percent in 2023 to 4.2 percent in 2024 and remain broadly stable over 2025-26, mainly because of cyclical hcadwinds that are expected to slow growth in China over the near term. Excluding China, growth in LMICs is projected to increase from 3.7 percent in 2024 10 4.2 percent over the 2025-26 period. In countries eligible for supporc from the Inrernacional Development gross (figure