Figure 21 Percent Change in Gross Domestic Product; 2021-26

<!-- image -->

Souce: World Bank 2024.

Note: Aggregate GDF grøwth rares are calculated as weighted averages, based on real GDP in Data for 2024 are estimales, and daca for 2025-26 are forccasts. IDA = Incernational Developmenc Association; LMICs = low- and middle-incone countries. weighs.

accompanied by expected stabilization in some fragile cconomies, will contribute to faster growth in 2024, at 4.3 percent; than in 2023, at 3.7 percent.

Although expected to remain steady, global growth remains weak compared to the decade that preceded the recent pandemic. The ongoing weakness reflects several factors, including the lagged effects of monetary tightening, resumed fiscal consolidation; and moderate consumption growch in che context of receding savings buffers and diminishing labor markec tighuness. Investment is expected to remain constrained in 2024, partly because of heightened policy uncertainty amid ongoing geopolitical tensions. growch

However; marginal improvement in the global economy is expected in 2025-26, supported by gradually subsiding inflation, declining policy rates, and trade growth. Global investment is projected to strengthen as monetary easing gains mnomentum. In contrast, although the differentials between interest rates and growth are expected to fall, fiscal consolidation efforts are anticipated growth as many governments seek to rebuild fiscal butfers and address imbalances accumulated since the pandemic. In LMICs, less restrictive financing conditions and improving consumption growth are expected to gradually bolster growth, particularly when China is excluded. Still, the lingering effects of recent large shocks, including the pandemic and firming drag