## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

- Further trade fragmentation and trade policy uncertainty could slow activity in LMICs. An increase in trade restriction measures has disrupted global supply chains, hampered technological diffusion, and undermined cconomic convergence; particularly in EMICs. In addition; elevated geopolitical tensions have segmented the global market into regional blocs and have reduced trade and investment flows between difterent blocs; leading to more complex and less efficient supply networks. Increased trade policy uncertainty could further weaken investor sentiment, slow business investment, and reduce productivity growth in LMICs. Growing public support for inward-looking policies, particularly accompanied by a divided political landscape, could also lead to greater protectionism; further hindering cross-border trade and investment in LMICs
- Higher global inflation and weaker risk appetite could lead to limited monetary easing and the slowdown of activity in LMICs. If global inflation persists longer than anticipated; policy rate cuts could be postponed; leaving monctary conditions tighter than expected. This situation could lead to higher borrowing cOsts and lower real incomes, putting downward pressure on consumer spending in LMICs, where monetary authorities could slow monetary to avoid a surge in inflation from currency depreciation. The risk is particularly high in LMICs with weaker creditworthiness, because these economies could likely experience larger depreciation and capital outflows. easing
- Adverse impacts of weaker-than-expected growth in China could Over to other LMICs through different channels. Despite the implementation of stimulus measures, economic activity in China could slow even further because of prolonged weakness in business sentiment and private investment, especially in the property sector; coupled with a fascer decline in growth. These factors could disrupt the global trade recovery, Particularly in commodity-exporting LMICs and tourism-dependent economiesAdditionally, a sharper slowdown in China could reduce glohal risk appetite; tighten financial conditions; and disproportionately affect less creditworthy economies that rely on exrernal financing. spill

## Debt Outlook and Risks

Amid heightened downside risks, LMICs continued to accumulate debt in 2023. Total debt in LMICs increased by 2.4 percent in 2023 from the previous year; in current US dollar termis . Excluding China, the increase in total debE among LMICs was 3.8 percent in 2023. Howevec; 1s national income faster than national income (GNI) among LMICs marginally declined to 24.3 percent in 2023 from the previous year: In IDA-cligible countries, total debt stock increased by grew gross