## 2

4.8 percent in 2023. Consequently, the ratio of total debt stock to GNI increased by 1.9 percentage because of slower income growth, partly stemming from the decline of activity in some major IDA-cligible countries. Among 68 IDA-eligible countries included in the list of LIC delE sustainability analyses as of the end of Septemher 2024, 16 percent were in external debc distress and 35 percent were at high risk of distress. points

The dehc service burden has elevated in LMICs hut is anticipated to moderate GNI in 2023\_the same level seen during che 2020 pandemic-induced global recession. Excluding China, the cosc of servicing rotal debt was 5.2 percent of GNI among LMICs. Heightened borrowing costs have contributed ro the increase in the ratio. Interest payments on total debt rose by 0.3 percentage point to 1.1 percent of GNI in LMICs, the largest annual increase in the interest payment to-GNI ratio of the past two decades (figure 2.2) Similarly, interest payments increased 0.4 percentge in LMICs excluding China, also the largest annual However; the debt service burden is projected to be mitigated in the near term, primarily because of the expected decline in global interest rates. In LMICs, interest payments on total debt over 2024-25 expected to he 26 percent lower than over 2022-23. Consequently, Total debt service; including principal repayments, over 2024-25 is anticipated to be 18 percent lower than over 2022-23 This decline in debt service burden will be mostly attributable to China, because the expected reduction in debr service in LMICs excluding China is 4 percent from 2022-23 to 2024-25. point period.

Figure 2.2 Interest Payments on Total External Debt as a Share of GNI, 2013-23

<!-- image -->

Note: GNI = Development Association; LMIGs gross