## 2

of an increase in principal repayments. In countries eligible for IDA support, government spending on interest payments increased to 20 percent of government revenues in 2023, an increase of prepandemic decade. The elevated level of debt service will have implications for overall government expenditure, and it is particularly critical for IDA-eligible have financing needs. In IDA-eligible countries, especially economies with limited spending capacity , establishing robust fiscal frameworks by strengthening institutional arrangements and domestic governance could help rebuild fiscal buffers and improve policy outcomes, particularly ovcr the longer term. large

Vulnerabilities associated with elevated debt burdens could be mitigated through domestic revenue mobilization and prudent debt management in LMICs. Revenue collection in LMICs has heen weaker than in high-income economies and is expected [0 remain limited in the short term.  Weak revenue collection partly eligible countries (figure 2.3) Countries could improve the collection mechanism by strengthening revenue administration and implementing tax reforms, including broadening tax bases and simplifying tax codes. In addition; improving debt transparency; notably in monitoring and reporting, could ensure the early detection of deht-related risks, particularly in countries at moderate or elevated risk of debt distress (refer to chapter 3 on che debt transparency agenda). Improvemencs in debr data collection practices, particularly in IDA-eligible countries, are also associated with a reduction in borrowing costs. Such positive impacts of transparency are grcater in LMICs with better institutional quality and lower debt. Prudent management of debt could also reduce the volatility of debt dynamies and the risk of sudden reversals in interest rate growth differentials. public mitigale

Figure 2.3 Composition of Government Revenues as a Share of GDP; 2010s vs. 2020s

<!-- image -->

Sources; International Monetary Fund and World Bank. Note: In some countrics, data arc for central govcrnments. Data for Z020s cover 2020-22