## 3 The Debt Transparency Agenda: Moving It Forward

## Introduction

Public deht disclosure and accountability are public goods; and comprehensive and transparent disclosure of public debr liabilicies is vital to suscainable development. It facilitates new investment; reduces corruption, accountability, and helps prevent costly debt crises. Transparency is central to cffective debt management by debtors and better risk assessment by creditors, as wcll as to responsible borrowing and lending practices. brings

A lack of transparency, by contrast, impedes borrowers' ability to manage debt, increases uncertainty, and raises borrowing costs. It also makes it more difficult to restructure unsustainable debt. Despite progress on transparency in recent decades, public disclosure of debt data by authorities in countries eligible for assistance from the International Development Association (IDA) is scill limited, particularly in fragile countries.1 As recently as 2020, less than half of these countries regularly published accessible public debt data on a government website. fully

Transparency has improved markedly over the past three years through the collaborative efforts of the governments of borrowing countries and creditors; supported by the international community and academia. Governments of borrowing countries and creditors have worked together t0 reconcile data discrepancies, expand data coverage; and improve the accuracy of debr data community has worked to educate borrowing country governments on how to better service and reduce their debt as well as improve collection and reporting methods, and to promote information sharing to harmonize definitions, and standards. Academia and research institutions have provided additional research and intellectual input. data,

These collahorative efforts look to continue and even increase, with datareconciliation exercises hecoming annual events; and the World Bank and its development partners are committed ro working ever more closely with governments on debt management and recording, with growing scrutiny from academia. As these four groups pursue this agenda; described in the sections that