## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

follow; debt transparency will continue to improve; with all the development benefits that result from it.

## Borrower Countries

Borrowers bear the primary responsibility for debt transparency. Their is comprehensive and timely disclosure of debt commitments; repayment terms, and cransactions sufficiently granular co facilitate scrutiny of government borrowing and public accountability. Achieving this goal, however; requires both the willingness to disclose and the capacity to do so. Debt transparency is integral to debt management and its governance and accounta framework, both of which remain weak in many low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) goal public bility

That said, progress toward greater debt transparency is encouraging  Since 2020, the number of LMICs that regularly publish debt bulletins has increased significantly \_ The World Bank Debt Reporting Heat in 2020 to measure debt cransparency and accountability and is updared annually, tracks debt disclosure for IDA-eligible borrowers. It also charts accountability for borrowing through publication of mediun-term debt strategies, annual borrowing plans, and disclosure of data on guarantees and other contingent liabilities. The mnost recent 2023 Heat found that 51 countries; or 69 percent of IDA-eligible councries, regularly publish fully aaccessible public debE data on a government wehsite figure 3.1) This numher represents 1 mnore thn increase from 2020, when only 36 countries, Or 47 percent, met the same criteria. Additionally, eight other countries had partially accessible public debt data in 2023; that is, information was available but was scattercd across mnultiple documents or multiple websites. Countries in Suh-Saharan Africa drove the expansion in accessibility. In 2023, the Heat debr data, compared to 49 percent in 2020 public public Map point public Map

The increase in disclosure of public deht data is accompanied by a parallel expansion in data coverage. In 2023, 64 percent of IDA-eligible countries disclosed comprehensive public debt data covering domestic and external debt and guarantees, up from 43 percent in 2020. In Sub-Saharan Africa, 66.7 percent of countries disclosed comprehensive debt data in 2023, compared to only 46 percent in 2020; in Latin America and the Caribbean, 6.3 percent of countries in 2023 met this goal, compared to 25 percent in 2020. Advances in disclosure of information on recently contracted external deht have heen much more modest, however. In 2023, 36 percent of countries disclosed information on new external marginal 3-percentage-= increase from 2020, and only 18 percent provided information on the terms of loan contracts. public point