## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

Improvements in debc transparency at the national level have a direct impact on the timeliness of reports to the DRS and data published in the International Debt Statistics database HIDS). The DRS requires World Bank borrowers to provide an annual year-end loan-by-loan account of outstanding balance and transactions for all external public and publicly guaranteed debt. The first deadline for submission is end-Marcl, wich an extended deadline of end-June. For the latest 2023 reporting round, 50 percent of DRS reporters met the end-March 2024 deadline and 79 percent reported by end-April (figure 3.2). Only seven countries (5.9 percent), most of them in conflict situations, failed to report. By contrast, in the 2019 reporting round, 38 percent of countries met the March deadline, 18 percent

The accuracy and coverage of reporting to the DRS continued to improve in 2023. To disclose deht data on a national debt offices must implement effective mechanisms to record and validate accuracy, and timeliness of borrowers' reports to the DRS. Of note in 2023 improvement in reporting by low-income countries and small states, which often limited resources for debt mnanagement. These' states include Burundi, the Central African Republic; the Democratic Republic of Dominica, coverage and granularity of data the borrower discloses has been paralleled by steps to address stock-flow inconsistencies and omissions in DRS reports. public have Congo,

Figure 3.2 Reporting Timetable for Debtor Reporting System Countries; 2019-23

Percent

<!-- image -->