## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

joint IMF-World Bank Quarterly External Debt Statistics. The World Bank Debt Statistics Team is also working closely with central banks like the Bank of Mexico to identify ways t0 ensure that systems for reporting and recording private investment.

## Creditor Countries

and foolproof way to validate the accuracy of deht data and close data gaps is systematic reconciliation of debtor and creditor records. Tis reconciliation requires an ongoing commitment to data sharing by creditors, however; a5 well 5 timely and cransparent disclosure of loan-specific information on lending activities. The Group of Twenty (G-20) bilateral creditors have committed to a range of transparency-related lending practices; and most of the of Seven (G-7) countries publish detailed information on national wehsites. No internacional reporcing system exists chac requires regular; scandardized reporcing; however; and many G-20 bilateral creditors do not disclose the amounts and terns of lending to LMICs. The International Institute of Finance has taken a leadership role in promoting transparency for private creditors and has developed a set of disclosure principles and guidelines. These efforts contributed to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Developmenc's decision to create a debr data repository for low-income countries. Thus however; buy-in by private credicors has been marginal and only a handful of loans have reported to the repository . good Group public far, been

Tle daca sharing initiative berween G-20 bilareral creditors and the World Bank is a crucial step toward advancing debt transparency and harmonizing debtor and creditor data The initiative, launched in 2022, aims to eliminate inaccuracies and data gaps through a loan-level reconciliation of information reported to the DRS by IDA-eligible countries with the comparable claims of G-20 bilateral creditors . This reconciliation is particularly relevant for these countries, where monitoring and reporting on public debt may be limited despite the considerable progress made by these borrowers to strengthen their debt management capacity over the past decade. still first data sharing exercise. The group comprised all G-7 countries and 11 other permanent members (Australia, Brazil, Denmark, Finland, Israel, the Republic of Korea, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland) The reconciliation centered on sector dehE owed to official hilateral public