## Box 3.1 How China Lends (continued)

clause (recognizing; however; that in specific instances; such as national security laws, disclosure by a borrower or lender may be exempted) . Moreover; a borrower that agrees to keep loan information secret risks being in breach of undertakings made in favor of other lenders, being noncompliant with periodic reporting and information-sharing undertakings; and likely impeding the compilation of accurate debt sustainability assessments. Undisclosed or hidden debt rrlay also harper the borrowers ability to obtain new financing or restructure its debt should the need arise Despite the stringent confidentiality clauses identified by the research paper in loan contracts between China and low- and middle-income countries; these clauses do not appear to prevent the countries from publishing detailed information on borrowing from China; For example; Angola's bond prospectus, Kenya's online loan registry; and Nigeria's Debt Management Office statements all provide detailed information on loans contracted with China. Moreover; as the paper noted, Carneroor publishes all project-relaled loan contracts with external creditors. Similarly; the clauses have not prevented borrowers from reporting loan amounts and terms to the DRS.

Most of the 100 loan contracts referenced in the research paper had already been reported to the DRS by the borrower in the year the loan was contracted and are in the DRS database. Four of the contracts are term facility agreements ~that is, formal expressions of interest to lend but not binding commitments. Of the 96 loan contracts, 90 were reported to the DRS and 23 (or 25 percent) were with Cameroon: Regarding the six other contracts in the sample; two were to highincome countries (Antigua and Barbuda and Uruguay) that are not included in this publication or the International Debt Statistics database. Twvo others, a shortterr debt instrurnent and a loan lo a special purpose vehicle, lall under calegories of debt reported in aggregate to the DRS. Only two loan contracts were missing from the DRS, one to a local government and another to a state-owned enterprise. Both omissions arose from shortcomings in monitoring and reporting mechanisms; follow-up by the World Bank Debt Statistics Team with national debt ollices closed this small reporting gap.

## The International Community

In addition to the extensive data set reconciliation work done by the G-7 and G-20, described earlier; mulilateral institutions particularly the World Bank continue t0 promote more accurate and comprehensive debt data reporting, Set and enforce international sandards and definitions, and provide ongoing intormation; education; Ind guidance on data collection; analytics; and debr management.