## 3 IlIE DEBT TRANSPARENCY AGENDA: MOVING IT FORWARD

LMICs disclose external debt at both the national level and collectively through the World Bank 5 DRS. Regular; quarterly, and annual reporting to the DRS in a prescribed format is a mandatory requirement for World Bank (both IDA and International Bank for Reconstruction and Development ) borrowers. The World Bank has regarded data drawn from the DRS as a global and has published these data for over 50 years: IDS constitutes che only series, cross-country comparable data for debr of LMICs. The World Bank Debt Statistics Team strives to ensure the accuracy and comprehensiveness of IDS. To this end, it routinely reconciles data reported to the DRS with data published in national bulletins and reported to the joint IMF\_World Bank Quarterly External and International Investmenc Position. It also draws on che Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's Creditor Reporting System; online data made available by official creditors or presented in annual reports; and market sources of information compiled by private entities like AidData, the China Africa Research Initiative, and Dealogic. long public good long-

The World Bank is transparent about gaps in the data disseminated in IDS. Country notes that accompany every release of the database signal data limitations L0 users, including instances when estimated data series or specific reporting issues may compromise the validity of data. These issues most often nonguaranteed borrowing by SOEs. The DRSs comprehensive definition of debt includes the debt of all SOEs in which the government owns a majority share; regardless of whether it benefits from a sovereign guarantee. Many borrowers have a narrower definition, however; and the resulting omission of SOE debt reflects the legal framework and the mandate of the public debt office more than any unwillingness to disclose public

The expectation is that greater debt transparency will bring clarity, but divergent figures for borrowers raise doubts about data accuracy, underrecording; or deliberate nondisclosure and hidden debt. Alchough such factors are not uncommon, che existence of two difterent numbers that purport to measure the same thing does not necessarily indicate that one is wrong. A major reason for such discrepancies is the divergence in standards, definitions, and statistical and accounting norms. These differences present a minefield for users trying to compare data, and in extreme cases have led to discrepancies as 30 percent of gross domestic product across sources wich the same expected coverage (Rivetci 2021). Issues a5 simple as the separation of domestic and external debt on a currency basis can result in a lower number for external debt stock in national bulletins than in IDS which uses the international residency criterion. Conversely, information in IDS on a creditor's lending will likely he lower than the creditor record They large