## INTERNATIONAL DEBT REPORT 2024

because the World Bank is 1 subset that excludes loans to nonguaranteed private sector borrowers (which are reported to the DRS in aggregate) and to non-World Bank borrowers. Differences in instrument and sectoral coverage and accounting and compilation conventions all compound reconciliation figure

International standards and definitions are the bedrock of viable comparisons across countries and dala sets. In collaboration with the Bank for Internarional Settlement; IMF, and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development; the World Bank plays a central role in seccing international standards and definitions for measurenent and compilation of debt statistics. Raising LMICs' awareness of the importance of adherence to these standards when reporting to the DRS, well as the advantages of incorporating them into national deht reporting practices; is an ongoing activity for the World Bank s Delt Statistics Team. The team provides technical support to nationl compilers and is a regular parcicipant in workshops and seminars on this topic sponsored by the IMF and other development partners; notably ComSec and UNCTAD\_ public

Tle new World Bank Academy offers various courses to help member countries improve data collection, management, and analytics. Among the academy's offerings is a series of courses designed to provide comprehensive insights into debt statistics. At the launch in June 2024, in Perugia, Italy, the World Bank 's Development Data Group presented a new course, 'Making Deht Data Transparent and Sustainable amidst Debr Distress . The course provided guidance and instruction to help borrowing countries avoid having to choose between servicing their debt and investing in the health, education; and welfare of their citizens; as well as guidance for reducing debt, increasing transparency, and facilitating swifter restructurings. Group

Tle Development Data Group also engages in ongoing efforts to improve its methodologies on debt reporting and collection; and continues to update and improve manuals and other information it makes available on these to memher counrriestopics composition of their debt portfolios than did five years ago. Although achieving the overarching of the debr transparency agenda still has a way to che actions required are well documented and agreed upon by borrowers, creditors, and international partners, with increasing confidence that these goals can be met. For the World Bank, closing data gaps and reconciling borrower and creditor records to ensure thc accuracy of the data it dissemninates is priority . Looking forward; additional efforts include a redesign of the public they goals long g0,