## BOX 1.2 Recent developments and outlook for low-income countries (continued)

## FIGURE B1.2.2 LICs: Outlook and risks

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mole: € eslimnale [ Elhizpia FCs affecred situations (FCS) countries wirh high levels of institutional and social fragility and those affcctcd by violenr conflicr. The largesr downward revisions are for and   Sudan. both FCS bumper harvest. Niger growth owing

[o increase from 3.3 percent in 2023 to 4.8 perccnt in 2024 and 5.3 pcrcent in 2025 mainly on accounf of strong in the largest  cconomies in this group, Ethiopia and the Democraric Republic of Growth in orher FCS LICs is projected to average only 2.6 percent in 2024the 1.5 percent output contraction in 2023. Assuming thar no new shock disruprs economic stability, strong of 7 pcrccnt is expccted to in Ethiopia in Democraric Republic of is expected renain robust at about 6 pcrcent annually in 2024-25, mainly mining activity, growth Congo. growth persist Congo growth in construction and manufacruring projecred ro continue;  while  agricultural   production is forecast rehound following Fwo years of weak performance- In Madagascar, is expccted to boosted by relaring [o the digiral tcchnology, improvements in the investment climare- Growrh in Uganda is projected to strengrhen furcher;   reflecting   continued investients in the   oil Furhermore, in Madagascar,  Rwanda; and Uganda is also cxpccted to bencfit from increascd global tourism growth mining Elowrh

Growth in non-FCS LICs is forecast to rise from 5.2 in 2025. In Rwanda,   stcady avcraging 7.7 percent 4 year is projected for 2024-25\_with strong growth

Fer capita in 2025 divergencc bctwccn non-FCS LICs, whcre in per GDP is forecast [o average 3.2 percent in 2024-25, FCS LICs (excluding the Democratic Republic of where average per capita GDP is cxpected be   largely stagnant, remaining markedly below pre-pandemic levels.  Nearly onc-third of LICs are forccast to capita incomes in 2026 than in 2019. growth sharp growth capita Congo

Over the   forccast   horizon;   projccted in Per GDP across LICs is on average only ahour 1 growth capita

<!-- image -->