[raction. On he fiscal   policy is envisagcd excrt slight global growth pandemic-era fiscal deteriorations. drag repair

Growd in EMDEs is projected to hover around 4 in 2025-26 close to thcir porential growth esrimarc but the forecasts entail in China is cxpccted to slow notably. In contrast, is envisaged [o Momentum in EMDEs excluding China, aided by less restrictive financing condicions   and improving consumption growch. Fven the   lingering effecrs of shocks Ukraine, and the rise in global interest ratcs combar   inflarion are evident in conrinued sizable output losses rclative 10 the pre-pandemic in of trajcctory, particularly somnC vulnerable countries growth gather large sharp

Elevated   global inflation in [ecent has weighed growth both by curbing real incomes and by prompting the and simultancous tighrening of monerary policies. In both advanced economies and EMDEs, in 2023 underin counrries experiencing larger incrcases in postpandemic   inflation This   divergence is not che forccast adverse supply developments in economies where inflarion has to be more stubborn: sharp growth (figure proved

## Risks to the outlook

Risks to the outlook have hecone somewhat more balanced, given the continued resilience of the global economy L0 high financing

Worsening conflicts escalating   geopolitical tensions   could   have   adverse   imnpacts gobal financial linkages. Further fragmentation amid resurgent inward-looking industrial policies carries rhe risk of addirional  disruptions to trade Stubbornly   elevated inllation in advanced growrh

## FIGURE 1.11 Global outlook

Global growtl is projocted to rcmain suboucd in 2024 haif a percontage in 2025-26, supported by modest Of investment &amp;nd trade growth firming

## @, GDP growth rclalivo t0 2015-19

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

could forestall   anticipated tightening financial conditions,  including in FMDFs, and weighing global   growth. Weaker-than-expected   growth in China could have ncgative global spillovers through commodity markets and crade channels. Climare loons larger, wih frequent   and weather Cvents prcscnting risks to both ncar and long-term growrh. casing change

On the "pside , further posirive   supply-side developments\_such boust [@ productivity due to increased technology adoption and supply chain improvements May resulr in and conlinued disinllation This could enhance confidence that   inflation will   durably advanced economies and EMDEs monctary   Policy than   currcntly assumed, further boosring global growrh in the larrer higher than currently rcflecting pinned   by labor   force   participation and absorprion of working-age migranrs. gtOwth rising