## FIGURE 1.14 Global policy challenges

LIC; are especially the past [wo key

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## C.Access to Intrastructure

<!-- image -->

LIC;

bery the poorest countries, where Many of financing are drying   up have become Cos[weak   credit   ratingsmany of which ar middle-income chan 10 percentage above the global   benchmark rale. locked out of commercial markers and   highly vulnerable international   community is needed address developing risks avoid the economic nf debr crises. Debr restruccuring and relief processes; far delivered lirtle relief and need reflecc the rapidly evolving sovereign points leaving upgraded

D. New trade agreements

<!-- image -->

landscape. These eforts be complemenred with domestic   refarns [0 build the  fiscal  space and resiliences strength en governance frameworks, and enhancc debr related vulnerabilities [rom escalating [urther. growth

## Climate change

Dccarbonizing  the global economy will   require sizable and   financing' yel policies worldwide rcmain inadequate global climate Reaching net by 2050 will require   cutting   greenhouse gas elissions by fourth and onc-half by 2030 rclative global commirments reduce emissions by only about rhe amount of invescment spending   needed tackle development and reduce emnissions by 73 pcrccnt by 2050 ranges from about 1 10 percent of GDP per year in part thcir wider   existing  gaps in developmenr and infrastrucrure   spending and their   exposurë [0 climate   change risks World The of achieving these will incrcase further if progress is delayed (Wørld Bank 20226). goals. goals owing (figure goals

In EMDEs, mobilizing including rhrough  subsidy reforms and carbon pricing  can help finance the  needed social low-emission and equitable   developmenr parhway (World Bank 2023c) . This can be complemented witl measures [0 ttract investment, including rhar tackle corruption. global   cooperation is also needed tu} financing tu couttries significant (Chrimes ct al. 2024). public public policics private Scrong facing budgecary

Trade policies can be integrated more closely wich climate iniciatives [ransition [0 rellewable and progress On achieving global climate   goals. Reducing crucia] for   facilitating investient in transirions and the implemenrarion of climate