## FIGURE 1.16 EMDE fiscal policy challenges

lo help address 4 stales, where Nscal delicils are generally larger higher than in other EMDEs.

A. Cyclically adjusted primary balances in EMDEs

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

B. Public Investment and Interest payments in EMDEs in 20105

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

- EMDE:

(Mourre and Reut 2017). Government  revenues Particularly wcak in LICs ~in 2024, to be just under 14 percent of GDP , much lower than othet EMDEs and advanced cconomics. also tend to be volatile in LICs, which arc often ore dependent on commodities for export and fiscal revenues. they They base~including   through   eliminating   costly exemptions; deductions, and Other prefcrences and simplifying codes Can special

improve domestic rcvenue mobilization and help generate limits in mobilizing   domestic cspccially in the short run, makc from external parricularly   imporranr for LICs (UNCTAD 2023). development assistance has incrcascd since 2010, and external grants accounr for abour 16 percent lasring gains funding

The number of EMDEs with a heighrened risk of clevatcd. The   composition debt also considerable   challenges: In EMDFs wirh lower markcts, the   composition of govcrnment dzbt tends be skewed riskier non-resident holdings of debt ~rendering countries More vulncrable sudden shifis in global   financing conditions . Additionally , the stock   of short-term government dcbt has riscn; increasing   vulnerabiliry refinancing costs in

Small states face unique fiscal challenges sremming exposure shocks 4). The pandemic and subscquent global shocks worsened fiscal and dcbr posirions in of small states ar2 at high risk of debt distress or already the share in   other EMDEs (figure 1.16.D) large (chaprer have challenge in striking 1 balance between maintaining adequate fiscal buffcrs and increasing investments in human and infrasttuctireAs highly   volatile   and   dependent sometimes  unrcliable sources, More stable and secure tax base is needed. Spending efficiency also needs be improved, especially given expenditure levzls already rzlativcly   high. These efforts should bc complcmenred by reforms to fiscal [rameworks, including better utilization of fiscal rules and sovercign wcalth funds. With borrow privately.   ongoing international   support will also be   important tu help mncet spending nceds and strengthen policies. capital