billion Oyer next decade, approximarely 2.8 in 2023. and 1 significant from   prcvious (World Bank 202ad). a5 15 high inflation, have rcversed 15 ycars of 2024e) .

Output in Central Europe is envisaged to firm to 3 percent in 2024 and 3.5 percent in 2025 beforc expected pickup in the euro area and the support from the European Union $ Recovery and Resilience   Faciliry is envisaged be the main driver of the subregion's growth, with private demand boosted by disintla rion and wage After the country is cxpected to provide Poland wich about 659.8 billion by the end of 2026. casing growth growrh. delays, facility

Growth in Balkans is forecast rebound [0 3.2 percent in 2024. 3.5 in 2025 and 3.8 perccnt in 2026. Private demand is projecred to be rhe main driver of growch, while less significant than in 2023, reflccting a pickup in exports   alongside thc The Mew European  Union (EU) growth plan for the subrcgion will enhance cconomic inregrarion and boost  socio-economic convergence (World Bank 2024/) drag

In Soutl Caucasus, is projected to stabilize a[ abour 3.5 percent annually Azerbaijan is expected pick up supported by which were notably low in 2023. This rebound is expected [o of in Arnenia and   Georgia from   exceptionally   high levels in resulring from invasion in Ukraine, is [0 continue. growth growth easing

4.1 4.9 percent in 2025 and softening to 4.2 percent in 2026. The normalizavion of tinancial, trade and again

## FIGURE 2.2.2 ECA: Outlook

After Weaken in the Russian Federation Trade diversion  notably the deepening accelerale enhancements bolstered by the region $ advantageous position in artificial

## A. Contributions to ECA GDP growrth

B. Ausslan Federatlon: Composition cf trade

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

L. Investment and productivity

<!-- image -->

Russia   following the invasion is projccted to contribute thc slowdown In particular, fron Russia are from elevatcd Icvcls. The subrcgion growth closely wich Kazakhstan $ cconomic trajectory, inlluenced by Lhe   postponement 2025 of the expansion of the Tengiz oil field linkages profile aligns

<!-- image -->