## FIGURE 2.2.3 ECA: Risks

tensions persist   following Ukralre. elections the year the possibility of hcightcned cconomic policics Rising significantly acfoss countrics region

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

C. Exports growth

<!-- image -->

## D, Climate readiness and vulnerabillly

<!-- image -->

Bulgaria BIH = Bosria ard S6rbia TJK = Tajikiglar; TUA ana project   expected increase oil production by

Berween 2011 and 2023, boch labor productivity in ECA grew mnørë slowly than In rhe forecast   period, however, investment   growch in EU counrries of region and Ukraine 2.2.2C) intelligence (AI) is envisaged increasingly inlluence investment strategies. ECA countrics in stand during (figure benefir from the EUs RRF investments in green and   digical cransicions, Most   Central   European countries   already have developed an Al  strategy and exhibit high scores on the Artificial Readiness Index. Cencral Asia'5 readiness more closely wich the for emnerging and developing cconomies GEMDEs) . but rhe subregion 5 countries are develop unilied   strategy   toward Al adoption which will hoost their investmenr in this arca 222D; Oxford Insighs 2023) . aligns working (figurc

## Risks

Risks to the outlook arc rilred Geopolitical rensions;   particularly sremming from Russia's invasion of Ukraine; pose signilicant risks. Addirionally, an escalarion of rrade restricrions, and   frequent weather would also weigh growth Aluhough persistenr inflarion is possible. In lower-chanexpected inllacion also represents potential upside.

Geopolitical tensions remnain a major risk for the Gcopolitical Considerable uncertainty rciains about whether rhe invasion, which has entcred will widen. Intensifying and conflicts could alrcady-heavy human and prospects   for Political   uncertainty in the region is also   heightened Nine   countries have presidential legislarive   elecrions; in 2024, underscoring che possibility of uncerrainty region. deepen hamper trade   activity and weigh Exports   have in several   subregions   (figure The is highly open to trade; wih zhe total value of exports and imports combined "p 109 in 2022 This high levcl of trade   activity   leaves it   vulnerable [o increasing growth region making