## FIGURE 2.3.1 LAC: Recent developments

rebcunds in the first quarer or 2024. In Brazil and Mexico; business and purchasing managors recenty #nproved after deteriorating markedly. Although infiation in many LAC economies has falen significantly   sinco 2022 infiation has provon

C. Purchasing Managers' indoxos

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## D, Consumor price inflalion

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Agenlina @RA Brarl CHL Colcrubia; LAC he

4 ad

- Apn] ?024

In many LAC countries; the adverse cffects of past monetary   cightening on acrivity have started as inflation has declined and central banks have initiated cuts. With   inflation in most countries expected tu fall within central bank cxpectcd continue   (figurcs and remaining above 200 rcflecting significant depreciation and upward adjuscmencs in regulared prices .

Commodity are expected to remnain broadly supportive  for LAC: commodity   exporters, with prices mostly   stable In [uTe products and enlergy [orecast experience moderare decline. The subdued growch projecred for China suggests soft growth in demand [or commodity   exports  [rom [AC with the exceprion of oil,  such as iron, and soybeans. prices agricull prices key

Brazil's   growch is expected [0 [0 2 percent   in 2024 and 2.2 percent in 2025. projection for 2024 reflects borh a carry-over from the slowdown in the second half of last year and a weaker agricultural harvest this year. As inflation conrinues moderate expected, which will support   private   consumption and invesiment in 2025. Mcanwhile, afrer broadly   supporcive yeal , fiscal policy is expected to mnoderate growth in 2024 and 2025 as the government resumes efforts improve fiscal suscainability . being drag

Growth in   Mexico is forecase [0 slow [0 23 percent in 2024 and 2.1 percent in 2025. This moderarion is attributed an anticipared in domescic demand after years of growing above its   potential   Pacë;   indicating   reduced   economic slack and tighr monetary policy. Monerary policy cut a5 declining inflation remains above the central bank's targec, which will likely continue to restrain growth in Nevertheless , wich inflation and intcrest cnvisaged to fall later investment and consumprion pick up in 2025. Fiscal   policy is projected [o in 2024 and consolidate in 2025 as several   public and social take place and reach in thz next. casing expand completion

Argentina' 3 Cconomy is projected markedly, by 3.5 percent in 2024, before rebounding by 5.0 percent in 2025 . The authoritics secking policy approach based partly on fiscal consolidation and the exchange Tate. Inflarion is expected remain elevated this year, albeit decreasing at a pace. rapid