macroeconomic imbalances are addressed, further under control

Colombia s ríse [u 1.3 zhe economy's porential perlormnance in 2023, private consumption projecred wirh the central bank expected to concinue reducing policy Fales 1s   inllation declines. Investment is also   envisaged supporr cconomic activiry a5 policy   uncertainty abales. Fiscal suPPOrt will targetsgrowtl growth grOwth budgerary

Growrh in Chile is forecast to rise to 26 percent in 2024 and 2.2 percent in 2025, consumption [rom iLs 2023 weakness. The cencral bank has cur inrerest rares aggressively 45 annual care and headline inflacion have fallen clase which   should also external   demand   for green energy-related such as coPPer and is private Scrong

Growrh in Peru is projected rcbound to 29 percent in 2024, then ease to 2.6 percent in 2025. Inllation is expected continue declining wearher-relared  increases in food prices dissipate. This would allow lurther policy suPporting consumption in 2024 and 2025. Invesrment, however, is only   slowly its Gall in 2023. political unccrtainty wcighs busincss confidence Althongh copper is projecred moderate in 2024, increased  mining production will support export growth. private expecred price

Growth in che economies will accclerarc 7.1 perccnt in and renain robust 5.7 in 2025. Even excluding which continucs to expcricnce based boom afrer the discovery of oil in 2015, the subregion s is 2024 and perccnt in 2025. But prospccts conrinuc diverge in subrcgion; The Dominican   Republic  is   orecast an Guyana,

## FIGURE 2.3.2 LAC: Outlook

expectations for economies in the region have mostly converged to within With further policy rate pandemic leveis, limiting prospects for this sector to drive further regionai have

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## C. Tourist arrivals

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

- Pru

average of 5.1 Percent in 2024-25, amid structural rcforms to foreign dircct Growth in Jamaica, however, is expected weaken [u 2 Lú in 2025 becausc of subdued consumption growrh Economic   contraction in is envisaged continue this year because oF chronic violence and polirical insrability. Tourism in the subregion has recovered close I0 pre-E ~pandemic levels and should continue [u support economic   growth,   though More Maloney 2023) . Remictances inca privare