## FIGURE 2.3.3 LAC: Risks

sofens More than expected, prices of which Cosis climate change. they key

## A.Flscal balances

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## C. Commodity exports to China

D. Vulnerability to climate change

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Caribhean expected [0 continue   increasing albeit at a slower pace (World Bank 2023d).

[0 in Growtl in Costa Rica is cxpecred To moderate 39 perccnr in while growch  in Panama, underpinned by services is projected retlecting the closure of the Cobre Panama mine and drought-related reduction in growth shipping through che Panama Canal, then strengthen t0 3.5 percent in 2025. Inllation across the   subregion varies a5 wellFl Salvador and Panama,   dollarized economies, and Costa Rica, huave inflation Tales close hose in the United Stares. Inflation in other countries, such Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua, has declined to mnore mloderate rales.

Estimated   Potential economnic   growth in LAC 2011-21 notably lower chan in   rhe preceding decade; and projected porencial growth in Lhie 2020s shows further deceleration, reflecting declines in che growrh rares of both total Olnsorge   2023). This deceleration is, actribucable to the enduring adverse effecrs of the pandemic, particularly on human capital formation, 15 lack   of   competition   and increasing violence (World Bank, 202Áj) . during well

## Risks

Risks are tilred to the downside for the region. Large fiscal deficits raise concerns aboux tinancial stability .   Stubborn core inllation could  demnand than-expected Monctary policy stances. could   weigl LAC exports. Climate   change posc downside risks; including On upside,   positive supply-side  developments   in advanced economies would result in 1 faster decline in core intlacion. tighrer -

Fiscal positions have become more precarious due [@ higher levels of debt,  increasing interest rates, and the of slower 2.3.3.A and 2.3.3.B). While fiscal deficics in most LAc economies have narrowed since pandemic, remain [f markets [0 perceive chese fiscal positions bonds could decline matcrially , More Laseline. (figures growth they forcing deceleraring pace, with intlarion proving somewhal stickier than